Heya,

My friend and I are really interested in this room. Our main concern is that we want to share the room. I know, this is unorthodox, but we're just two straight guys that'd like to live together. I also understand it's inconvenient and are willing to pay a little extra. If this isn't okay, no worries.

If so, I wrote a little about ourselves below so you can determine if we are good fit. We're free to meet up nearly any time, as long as there is a notice.

Hoping to hear from you soon!,
Rahil
757-630-7972

Me:
I'm a nerdy 24 year old who's followed, until recently, a predictable path in life. I've lived at home in Virginia, helping my family with house chores and their hospitality business. I graduated from a local college in 2009 and worked locally for a year as a software developer. I indulged in eclectic media (foreign/new wave films, indie music, the internet) because my hometown is sooo booooring. I finally moved out to San Francisco and worked at a video game company for about 6 months. Now, I'm here in NY with intent on doing something a little more creative--independent filmmaking or independent video game development.

My Friend:
He's a more sociable almost 24 year old who's also lived a rather plain life. We met in college. He worked at a local restaurant for many years. He's now finally moving with me to a city to begin a career as a comedian. He plans to find a job asap.

Both:
I know those are ambitious career choices but don't worry, we have money (programming pays well!), guarantors, and are capable of holding a steady a job. We enjoy the things that typical city-dwellers do: indie media, museums, concerts, food fairs, bikes, open mic, and anything art-related.We're able to deal with most personalities really well. We're usually down for anything, and never deny favors.

Restrictions & Other Info:
Ivar is allergic to some furry pets and neither of us enjoy cigarette smoke filled house. Neither of us brought furniture, and we don't mind if the room is furnished or not; we're able to live simply. We plan to move in August 1st, but am a little flexible.