okcupid

cut:
不知道我的意思的話，我可用簡單字表達。
我會用老子方式寫給妳。而且我跟老子同意！

雖然我在下面寫了很多英文字別嚇怕，我生活方式單單的。我跟台灣街上的人活一樣單：
—

My English mind is below, but, my Taiwanese mind is far more important to me now.
我好幾年沒用中文了。我會寫錯。但我覺得語言不重要。妳不會英文也沒問題。其實不會語言最好！行為會說更多更多。而且簡單的字更深。

活得簡單：
熱天：喝冰綠茶，吃冰的水果，做水果酒，跑去山上找野瀑布，跑去海邊找潛水地點，更進去大自然，變成女狼類（一直看世界，一直在世界住，世界總是在心裡），跑一跑，嗥一嗥，不小心能變瘋，一直照顧地球
冷天：喝熱紅茶，吃烤的，找野溫泉，跑去南部？，在家旁邊活，跟大自然親近，反抗變成男人類（還不一定能看媒體；還不要跟媒體的世界互相），後來可能對冬天放棄，變成後創造媒體（很矛盾），照顧旁邊的地區
每天：想，喝，經驗日落，吃，做：活。

簡單生活最好；如果妳在街上擺攤，賣手工的，談音樂，我覺得都超棒。怎麼賺錢沒事。學校，地位，錢，都沒事。一位自己讀書的人比全學校強。一位自己做的人比全公司強，但我可以跟妳參加嗎？：）自己賺錢不感覺生活，想要一起做事！！

可以旁邊住，多一起創造，多一起配合，多一起幫忙，多一起發現，多一起探險（多多一起探險時間！），多一起分享我們的心，都多好（當然需要自己的空間，只是我很想要有的時候要一起做事。我也需要超多空。好幾個月沒談話我會忍。妳的道自己找自己走。）。

（我方式，我個性，我喜歡，我想要）
慢活。慢慢的旅遊。聽慢慢的音樂。談慢慢的音樂。為正念(?mindful)。為有意識(?conscious)。敏感但激情(?intense)性讓我軟掉；）。好好的做但活得玩；一邊做一邊玩。從小的時候不生氣，不悲。我的最好朋友以前是一種烏龜。他太好，他是最愛生的人，但他太悲，一直想一直悲。我想要玩性多一點。：）

我活得慢但我可能會想太多；我有台灣簡單人心，但我也有哲學家腦。有的時候我想分享我們的心，但我真朋友們都會一起住者不說話。

自己做東西，自己蓋房子或車家，自己發現自然，都對我很有意思也很玩。自己摘或買菜，自己煮菜最好（但自己煮會無聊）。單單的味道。如果妳知道台灣島野菜，台灣島植物，哪超好！要不然摘或買鄉下的菜（地瓜葉，龍菜，空心菜，什麼爬之類的）也夠。

想要會適應的人。單人會。街上人真會。多台灣人常會。能變成到沒有一個習慣最好，但不需要。只要妳喜歡天然生活。妳想要自天然活嗎？變成更天然？（我的天然的意思苦難說明(natural way of living)。一邊簡單生活也想得簡單，一邊跟自然住，一邊自己找妳的道。）

要不要我們從自然慢慢好好的進去城市，或者從城市內的家裡種下希望的種子開花？

走前用腦
當時用心
總是用道

來

。。 。快來！！！ :(
但妳需要轉給我訊息。別問為什麼。Cupids有他們自己的魔法！
—


I’ve become civilized again,
for the moment.
Civilization still got a few chains on me, but
I cannot return to my original state of mind
without breaking these last few chains, and those
without breaking my ability to live truly.

And I’ve lived truly
for nearly ten laps around the sun.

Since then,
I’ve been seperated from the hippies I’ve admired the most,
though I still love and miss them dearly. And
I’ve never really been able to deeply connect with
the street and market vendors,
the rural and remote dwellers (Chinese or native), nor / even
the ‘migrant workers’ and the ‘untouchables’,
though I’ve lived with, cared for, and thought of them every-day.
I’ve given up on humanity only once before,
I’ve given up on living only once before too,
after years of disabling bureaucracy, heat, ‘n prejudice.

There are only us
that are willing to share
everything we’ve got
with everyone.

All else is money.

There is only us;
All else is money.

There is only us,
or else:
it’s only money.

There!... It’s us!!!

:o :0 :O
—

prototype INTP,
and for this to work,
we must be able to shed civilization’s habits,
(body and mind,)
and go back the way
we will become, or,
accept our differences,
and live beside each other,
quietly (not silently),
as they did in Wolf Children.

The second way is probably safer:
one fishing pole and
one animal that allows one’s self to sink into oblivion
(so we both don’t sink)
...only to be reeled back with treasures of the mysterious deep...!?
Yay!
—

The easiest way to understand my moral *ideal* is to simply look at the lives of mothers that live by rural gardening or better yet nature gathering, or, search the wiki article for ‘Ecofeminism’, but beware as it comes from the office-dwelling world of institutions. (note: feminist theory isn’t shallow feminism equality stuff. It’s deep common-sense intuitive natural anarchist theory, which happens to grow more often in the minds of women, usually women from less civilized areas (my mom!!), whom I’ll always admire, keep as a moral model, and fail to mimic.).

Though I consider their lives as the right way to live, like a simple native female gatherer, unfortunately, I’ve got a mind that some-times tends to very stupidly go beyond survival-oriented life: a civilized rationality (still on the uncivilized team), and some personality atop! I believe a smart-phone is all I would need to express my ambitions, desires, and dreams, a little technology in a tiny mountain-side cabin.

I’ve spent too much time in the sun. I can’t go back to the air-conditioned library or building where you could be lurking. I can’t go back to the city, any city for long. I need uncivilized peace: wind blowing in the sun. The digital cupids will have to search the civilized world for me, ...for you.

Although I love my solemn full-of-heart rural hippie commune friends, my body tires, and my mind desires. After years of living silently, I’m *direly* missing certain things in life: conversation (serious and playful), dialectic, mind exploration, creativity / design / art, a gram of rational-thinking (not much! and not too much either.), silly playful fun, game-play fun, touchy physical fun... My social personality has been pushed to it’s limits. Living in rural ‘n remote areas ain’t easy for civilized-suburb-born, dependent, social, cooperative me. :(

*Please* cupid... I beg of you: do your magic(!!),
and find that moon princess!!!
I’m getting old here!
Any one of those depicted by Ghibli will do. :]

Until then I’ll try to learn to play and busk (and sing?):
王菲 「當時的月亮」(Wáng Fēi)
おおたか静流 「悲しくてやりきれない」 and 「夏を見ていた」 (Shizuru Ōtaka),
宇多田ヒカル 「桜流し」 (Utada Hikaru),
the end song to 高畑勲 「おもひでぽろぽろ」 (Takahata’s ‘memories drip-drop’)  [my favorite films and like-minded film-maker],
Beach House sounds [my favorite music],
all without ever even listening to the lyrics,
cheesy sad anime piano tunes,
and the JRPG music my present environment evokes,
and then cry.

Because that’s how one finds love, right?
...
Am I right? ..Cupid?
*whoosh*
...
: ?
—

Disclaimer: if you’ve ever had trust issues, kindly stay away. Sorry, but the resulting heart damage will be much worse for me than you. Trust me. ;)

The old profiles remain as a record of snap-shots of me, of what I actually wrote during some past rare lonely-pang, of some other pathetic time I went to a computer and poured out my soul on-to the internets, from pragmatic rat-racing social-art-making young ambitious me to the now seasonal-living, or dying me. I’ve lived many life-times already, but for me life intensifies significantly by understanding an-other’s mind deeply, so who knows how how many more [life-times] I’ve got left to live, and how many I’ve missed out on. Let’s be maximalist about it (while still being materially minimalist).

我在16歲到20用了電影了解世界，生活。我。我在24歲用了哲學書找真相（瘋了的時間）。那時間外我沒用了；我在現實活。Sapiens，Ghibli的電影，道德經，應該夠。
Keywords (just what comes to mind): simple living, natural way of living, living with nature, diy, consciousness / conscious, awareness / aware, eastern philosophy, mindfulness / mindful, holism / holistic / alternative (holistic health, holistic medicine, holistic education, etc.), grassroots community, western philosophy, anarchy / anarchism /anarchist, feminist theory (ecofeminism), critical theory, feminism / feminist, indigenous movement / native (liberation army), ecological restoration, vegan / veganism, autodidactism / autodidact / homeschool, dao / daoism, buddhism, punk | philosophy (stoicism, ethics / ethos, every-day life), anthropology, history | design, technology, art, film-making, game-making, music-making | 老子 / 道德經  | Zapatista Liberation Army / EZLN (Subcomandante Marcos), Che Guevara (Fidel Castro)  | יובל נח הררי [Yuval Noah Harari], David Graeber | sf / fiction / fantasy, science, Ursula Le Guin, Isaac Asimov | Ivan Illich (Centro Intercultural de Documentación / CIDOC) , Situationists / Situationist International / Situationism (Raoul Vaneigem), Audrey Lorde | Wittgenstein, Bertrand Russell, Foucault, Chomsky, DK Publishing | 高畑 勲 [Isao Takahata] (宮崎 駿 [Hayao Miyazaki], 細田 守 [Mamoru Hosada], 新海 誠, [Shinkai Makoto], スタジオジブリ [Studio Ghibli], etc.), 是枝 裕和[Hirokazu Kore-eda] (小津 安二郎 [Yasujirō Ozu], 侯孝賢 [Hou Hsiao-Hsien], 楊德昌 [Edward Yang], etc.), Chris Marker, 賈樟柯 [Jia Zhangke], 王家衛 [Wong Kar-wai], Christopher Doyle | Nujabes, Beach House, Fleet Foxes, Grizzly Bear, Tame Impala, Daft Punk, M.I.A., Kendrick Lamar, Wu-Tang Clan, dream-pop, lo-fi, piano, jrpg bgm, vgbm, chill, chill-hop, ambient, folk, indie | Harvest Moon (Stardew Valley), Final Fantasy, Animal Crossing, Super Smash Bros. Melee / ssbm | 台灣 / Taiwan

dreams / desires, values from 12/2016:
I wish I had a home and garden on the east coast of Taiwan, and little cabins on the sides of mountains near cities or cozy apartments near dense day markets, and an abandoned factory (to use as a communal studio) ...and a tool-shed to share the tools of creativity with everyone.

Serious / playful personalities characterize my peers.

It seems that **radical diversity and inclusiveness** (in the same space) and *nature and simple living* are constant desires of mine, which has led to much struggle and alienation. Maybe New York's Taiwan-town is best. Maybe New York should have a mountain!

Update 12/2016:

This profile has not been updated since the creation of this website. Just imagine what years of nomadism has done to such a good kid!

So, why re-try now? Because a recent trip hitchhiking in Japan nearly destroyed all of my social being, and, reminded me how much I love and perhaps even need Taiwan's culture. So, I'm here to stay [unless politics disables me from living here]! The idea to try online dating proginated at the airport out of crazy lonely pang. And now, I still think it may be a good time-saving idea, to throw myself into the digital world, at least, before I go back to the wild, spatial world. Maybe.

To somewhat understand my mind, one could try reading my writings, but I doubt anyone will. My thoughts and interests often change, but my focus on humanities, the world doesn't.

I think after somewhat recently volunteering to construct homes for natives around Taiwan, staying in 蘭嶼 with a native family, having dreadful time hitchhiking in Japan's cold, and just generally being in poverty, I've become quite inclined toward survival (emergency medical technician, disaster relief / aid, civics for basic human needs), caring less about what people do beyond survival; But, doing any of sort of work isn’t possible for non-citizens, especially mere tourists. Being a non-citizen is oh so muzukashi, let's fake marriage for visas.

When life gets warm again, I probably won't need this site for some time; I hope the sun shines through the clouds soon; And that this cave grows plants in my smartphone.

"And if I gotta brown-nose for some gold. Then I'd rather be a bum than a motherfuckin' baller." - K.

Annnnnnd I'm out.

--

Update day 2:

If I find you interesting I'll probably 'like' *and* message you; I'm quite direct and communicative. Otherwise, I use 'like' as a bookmark. If you 'like me' and have an indirect personality (*or from an indirect culture* or just not confident), there's a chance it will be meaningless. In summary: message people! Fuck the system. Use your free will. Let these stupid phrases empower you; Or, empower yourself riot grrrls. Fateful princesses and/or creepers creep creep on.

Update day 3:

I'll talk to anyone: shared-interests, opposite-interests, nomads, adventurers, volunteers, whatever. Let's do stuff! Network, network, friends, friends, all over Taiwan. :)

Update day 4:

It's really rare that I use digital social mediums, so if I don't respond, sorry in advance! I'm probably just not into habit of using computers at that moment; I prefer lengthy paper letters anyway! Long-distance is nearly impossible for me; Physical proximity is necessary! I'm usually more of an animal than a robot.

Also, I can be attracted to opposite personalities. Wild, feely, people do apply! Match % doesn't matter much(!...but it does).

OKay Cupid, I've answered most of your damn questions. Now do your magic! ~~~

Oooooh shit. I should have written this in Chinese. Fuuuuuhhhhh... 我很笨。超級超級笨蛋。 :’(

--

[old profile circa 2011 begins here]

I'm a prototype INTJ that is slowly transforming into a starving artist. [note: I behaved like an INTJ at this time, but that’s not me]

I moved out of my hometown suburb and into San Francisco, worked for the Man, moved to New York with a friend, and now have no desire to get a business job.

What I'm doing with my life
I'm currently partaking in projects related to my current

interests: game design, interaction design, and film.

WRITE TALENT
I'm really good at
getting work done, critiquing, staying positive, and incredibly

good at sleeping.

WRITE MY TRAITS
The first thing people notice about me
"ohhh what a nice smile"

"he's really quiet"

"he's so patient"

"dat nigga soulless"

WRITE MEDIA
Favorite books, movies, shows, music, and food
graphic novels, art film, indie music, and homemade food.

See my Facebook profile for specifics. [Update: removed link to prevent inattentive Facebook drifting.]

WRITE NEEDS
Six things I could never do without
nature, open space, music, tea, day and night street markets

WRITE HOBBIES
I spend a lot of time thinking about
my next move. Should I get into film, move back to SF, attend the JET Programme to live in Japan, live in India, continue with video games, join a digital media company... So much to do: make games, make films, philosiphize society.

WRITE MOMENTS
On a typical Friday night I am
attending some funky event (stand-up comedy at UCB, spoken word at

some cafe, volunteering, biking, festival, game/interactive

exhibition, quidditch world cup, free museum day) and eating at a

nearby restaurant in an unexplored part of the city.

Or just working.

That's more probable.

WRITE SECRETS
The most private thing I'm willing to admit
is that my inner-voice is Black American. I grew up in their culture.

WRITE DATING
You should message me if
you want someone to attend events with so neither of us look like a wallflower and both of us will remember it.

your dream of being a vagabond is actualizing.

you want to talk about serious coming-of-age life stuffs.

you want to collaborate on an art project.

you just need an addition to your dope collective.