ey yo, Toph!

I barged into The People’s discord the other day, wanting to ask if anyone knew about places to look on the interwebs for fighting game theory. It just... didn’t seem right to barge in and ask, so I thought, maybe I’ll just ask one of you two directly. But my intuition was right: there’s surely some philosopher-esque people in there! ...Then I remembered Twitter still exists.

Soooo, I’m trying to gather some discussions / essays / writings about fighting game theory. I believe on the OG boards of each game (smashboards, shoryuken) has a ton of great content. I don’t quite feel like scavenging it all yet... First, I wonder, are there any good archived lists of great posts on fighting game theory? (The more general the theory, the better.) I mean, I imagine many posts are pinned, so I can at-least go through those easily, but finding the others... well, that might require some time getting familiar with the boards again and the search function.

If not, perhaps you keep a list of good posts, or posts you know off the top of your head?, or your personal favorite theory posts?, or favorite writers? (Wobbles, or whoever), or perhaps there are some classic posts you’ve recommended others to read in the past?

I’m not asking you to contribute to the wiki I’m creating, nor even gathering links, I just need enough key-words to find it myself. :)

Also any crazy giant pinned useful resources posts work too!

I’m trying to start-up 3 tiny digital r&d organizations this week, and fighting games was the first one. (The others: experimental games, tools for the people / anarchist tools) At first, I just want to gather some data for the wiki, and make sense of all of the possible places good fighting game theory exist on the internet (written, video, whatever). Then I can curate, organize, ‘n clean up.

I hope gather a bit of classic theory writings from several fighting game communities, but since I played melee, it’ll always start with melee. :)

If you want to just copy-pasta your own notes, here’s the wiki: https://github.com/Rahil627/fighting-game-anarchy/wiki/theory

Anyway, no rush, hope is all good in America! I’m stuck elsewhere in the world.

Fun fact: Long long ago, I drove Vincent (not sure if Toasty was there...) from sova to a tournament up north thinkin’ he’d for sure win... only for him to play against a certain red marf. ;(

...and I haven’t entered a big tourney since.