Hello my friend Rahil,

It was a weekend afternoon, my mum asked me if the letter is mine, and I saw my name on the envelope, "I guess so" I replied. Then, I just put the letter aside of my desk, thinking of who sent this to me [with not very decent writing, haha!] and supposed  the sender probably is you. 
I didn't read right away, I hesitated. After two days later, I opened it and read roughly because I don't actually have lots of time doing my personal  things. By the way, I am very happy to hear any thing from you.

Well, it's been a year without contacting you since my wedding. There were many great things happened in the year of my life, the greatest one is that I have a daughter [I still can't believe I said MY daughter]. She was born in second  March this year. So, I am taking six-month parental leave to look after my baby. I promise that is not a easy job. How important mum is!!

Anyway, I know I need to read the letter more than twice when I first read it. I am trying to digest your words, not only for some unfamiliar vocabularies and your spoken language. But, I could't organize my thoughts, just feel hard to prefer what I can write and what I should't write. I can just type any my budding thoughts. 

Ok, first of all, I am flattered [受寵若驚] to know your feeling of me although I kind of sensed it at that time [you should send me this before I get marry, I'm joking, haha!]. Thank you for plucking up your courage to writing me this. When I was reading the letter, I doubt of myself, "is it me?",that's too poetic, just like your words and dreams. 

原本想全部用英文打，因為這樣我可以統整思緒好好挑選那些該寫，順便練習英文，不過這樣太花時間了，也不知道你看不看得懂，不管是中文或英文也好 [I am not sure  if you can understand both of my English & Chinese writing, haha]。Frankly, I hesitated whether to reply or not. I don't know what you expect me to reply. Fortunately, I wrote something.  

我想，人生就是這麼奇妙，在很多時候遇到的人事物都足以讓人成長、反思自己。我也曾經和你一樣，對於人生想很多，好想弄清自己，總是讓自己很忙碌，希望可以找到答案，如果你問我是甚麼答案，我不知道，或許現在偶而還是會吧!
常告誡自己用心生活、別想太多、不要逃避該面對的事，並認真經歷每個事件[accept any affinity and things you must have to meet]才會有所成長，所以過去在意的、想太多的似乎都變得不重要了，就好像雲淡風輕般，淡淡地在生命裡畫上一痕。對我而言，生命必須往前看，不斷向前走 [for me, life should keep moving forward, I don't expect time to stop. Therefore, I ask myself to involve and embrace my life no matter how the environment change]。

有時，看到我的寶寶熟睡時會有像夢一般的感覺，但是當他哭泣的時候，我又被拉回現實，只有解決現實的問題才能夠作夢。
I think our thoughts keep changing [or progressing would be more precise] by following the environment and all the matter we encountered. We meet something [people, events] , face them , solve them and release them. After go over those process, our state of mind and aware will be completely different. This is how life is, I guess. Although that is quite difficult.  

I feel unbelievable to recall my graduation from university, finding a job, having many trips, getting married, having my own family and  now a baby. However, the things matured me and sculpt who I am. I am grateful for the arrangement of God.

So, if you meet someone you really like, please seize her. Having a partner  allow us to communicate, sharing our life  and enhance our depth of life. On the contrary, if you don't, please embrace you life, take adventure and do the things you won't regret.  真心希望你可以開心囉!!!

I am pleased to have you come to my wedding, your attendance is the best gift!! No need cash! 


所以，你好嗎? 生活? 目標? 有時旅行反而讓人迷失，多把思緒抓回來吧! 好好體會生活中每個時刻，日子可以簡單，也可以複雜，不要想太多會令你感到滿足，真的!

Please let me know, if you need a listener or any aid. Keep in touch.

 


Best regard, 

Mandy. 





Hahahah, I'm a bit surprised of my past too. No courage was needed: It was all written just out of reaction of heart-wreck -- it lead to me wonder, perhaps even realize, did I unknowingly and unwittingly screw up any other social relations in my past? It's quite difficult to tell when one consistently travels and meets many people, of different cultures and minds. Especially from my experience in Chinese (or at least Taiwanese) culture, where people can be quite indirect with their feelings. Can never know unless I ask...It's quite an interesting adventure through time!

Yeah, 翻譯總是花時間。別翻譯，只用此刻你想出來的語言。

Wahhhh a daughter. That requires real courage. I think just having some kids hanging around my place would suffice for me. Congrats again! Woo, progressing through life.

Hahah, using "mum" makes you sound British.

[TODO:] I skipped reading the giant block of Chinese writing for now, but will read later.

Mmmm, the baby sleeping renders a peaceful image. I babysat before, it can be quite slow and repetitive: cooking, feeding, teaching how to eat, talking, walk in the park, etc. It really does feel like an alternative slow-paced baby world, hah.

Hmm, I haven't quite digested the meaning of "solve them and release them", but will also figure it out later today; Neat thoughts about the mind (awareness, mindfulness, state), glad you shared.

Ah school and job weren't big things for me. All experiences and thoughts occurred outside of those institutions. But any commitment to a social relation (love, own's family, special friends) is indeed pretty unbelievable. I'm jealous of your ability to commit!

So, if you meet someone you really like, please seize her. Having a partner allow us to communicate, sharing our life  and enhance our depth of life. On the contrary, if you don't, please embrace you life, take adventure and do the things you won't regret.  真心希望你可以開心囉!!!
 
Ahhhhhhhhh youuuuu. This is quite pertinent. To choose (try to seize) her [again] or to choose my own path. It seems quite impossible to have both. Strangely, in our relationship, I was kind of the [social norm] woman, hah, I'd end up spending much of my time on her, adapting to her cultured mind to appreciate it, slowly sifting and melding her problems, spending little to none for myself. I never did that before. Way too much thinking. No no, it's back to adventure time for me. :)

Anyway, my life, mind, habits, lifestyle, etc. are still quite flexible[, I hope!],  if not in flux. It's a kind of philosopher's life: a rather impossible one. It leads to far more thinking, and I always prefer to think more rather than less. Perhaps you're right, it could be my crux. Contrarily, I still hold the belief that thinking [more] is the only way toward any kind of social [or political] progress, awareness, or truth. It is precisely here I absolutely collide with the Taiwanese mind. :P

As I mentioned in the other email, I'm currently in Tainan and plan to take a scooter from here to Lanyu through the mountain road. After spending some time in Lanyu, I'll decide whether to try living in Taiwan's east coast or south or go back to New York. For now, I'm just trying to enjoy the rest of this crazy hot summer, camping around Taiwan. I actually never camped before, because I always seek social spaces (hostels, volunteer, CouchSurf, public places, etc.), but I guess I'm finally reverting to my independent self again. Yay.

Thanks for the wishes of happiness, and I return the same wish as it is exactly what I normally wish in others.

I'll reply the Chinese part sooner or later. Probably sooner than a year, at least. :D







I just read it.
 
常告誡自己用心生活、別想太多、不要逃避該面對的事，並認真經歷每個事件[accept any affinity and things you must have to meet]才會有所成長，所以過去在意的、想太多的似乎都變得不重要了，就好像雲淡風輕般，淡淡地在生命裡畫上一痕。

Mmmm, 「別想太多」這是我的台灣的朋友常高度我的句話，哈哈哈。「不要逃避該面對的事」，對我這是最容易；我覺得西方人的心裡比較直接。

「常告誡自己用心生活／並認真經歷每個事件」，我也覺得，也try。讓我累了。

「想太多的似乎都變得不重要了，就好像雲淡風輕般，淡淡地在生命裡畫上一痕。」I think I understand the gist of the last part, although I don't understand it literally (淡 has many meanings!) -- just like scattered cloudy weather, within a scattered life there [still] is a trace? Kinda poetic!

Anyway, it's an interesting ethical stance. Balancing thinking and action is always difficult, and [it] does often seem that tipping toward action is better, hence the desire toward experience. Perhaps I am more on the ideal side of the spectrum [of reality and ideal]. But I like being there. Thoughts are what make us unique. Thinking too much may seem unimportant especially when thoughts / ideas pass unimplemented, but the contrary could be said about life: Life may seem unimportant without thoughts / ideas.

Though that may sound as if I'm arguing against your ethics, I'm not! Just talking, freely. La la la. :)

Thanks for sharing your thoughts! Your thoughts are even more valuable now that you have a family. Finally, I get to pick at your brain!




I think our thoughts keep changing [or progressing would be more precise] by following the environment and all the matter we encountered. We meet something [people, events] , face them , solve them and release them. After go over those process, our state of mind and aware will be completely different. This is how life is, I guess. Although that is quite difficult.



Oh, finally re-read this. It makes more sense this time in the general: experience and education. I'm guessing the meaning behind "face them, solve them and release them" is to make sense of (rationalize) an experience, and move on.




There's no real need to reply. I know you're busy with a family now! I think I just needed to get talk, and somehow you became an unlikely, unfortunate target! Hahah.Sorry about that. But thanks for listening / reading.

Normally, I'll just talk to anyone nearby, but at the moment I just got my computer back after not having it for 6 months, so now anyone nearby becomes anyone with access to a computer and internet. The power of the electronic communication!

Hmm, I'll try to remember re-read what you say in the future a few times, and try to really intake it. I'm sure I'm missing a lot of meaning from it. Chinese is such a contextual language. I'm kind of glad you used English. So much meaning is often lost.

	
