Since my graduation in May 2009 I've gone through many phases and learned many lessons. The same lessons conveyed in coming of age media.

I'm always trying to improve myself. Stay on track. Keep going.

After a while, I've also had a recurring thought about a future, successful me teaching friends and family how to reach where I am. With the help of a large whiteboard, I explain them everything I know in my comfortable living room at home. Below is my teachings in the form of a blog.

Here is my current guide. The guidelines are ordered in the way I learned them and may not be true for you.

Before I begin the guide, I'd like to offer a shortcut. If it is possible within your means, take two bags and move out. It is likely you will learn most of the following yourself through experience.

header links
1. Take control of your body.
2. Manage your time.
3. Step back. (link to Veidt, possible picture of frame)
4. Do it.
5. Keep doing it and keep learning.

Life is a balancing game. You have to balance work (for profit), art, family, friends, and free time.

More narrowly, you also have to balance daily life. 

1. Take control of your body.
graph a bad and good work day schedule on a number line to demonstrate the differences

possible problems: no self-control--overeat, overemotional, overthink. All of this affects the mind and takes away from the time you have for work. You should try to allocate as much time as you can into the thing you want most. Of course you have to balance in family and friend time too.

Listen to your body.
I feel I am closer to my body than others are. I follow what my body signals me. During the day, I'm more creative; At night, I can get hard work done. I eat when my body tells me to, not becuase it's time to eat. I excercise when my body tells me to, often at night or especially after working in an office for 8 hours. I take breaks, strech, to step back and think about problems at a higher level. I eat protien for lunch to avoid a high blood sugar spike. I eat fruit and nuts at night because I feel like having something juicy, not grains or protien. I move around throughout the day, rarely sitting in the same position for a prolonged period of time. I use a yoga ball as a chair. I try to have a comfortable ninety degree angle for my legs and use a keyboard tray. I move my neck around a lot because after looking at a computer, it just doesn't feel right. That's the word: feeling. I go by feeling. My gut reaction.

I feel that this lifestyle is more healthy than one who bases their actions on time. A person who lives based on time may do some of the following. Eat at the same times, even though they woke up late. Excercise at set times, even though their body doesn't benefit from it. Work at a set time, such as working in the morning even if they're a late afternoon person. These people also aren't active throughout the day. If their activity were a graph, it would be a roller coaster. Eating a large lunch (high blood sugar), napping right after (low), working at a sedentary office job (low), heavy excercise / weightlifting (high), overeating again (low), etc. I'd associate this to the blood sugar / glucogen problem. Furthermore, when people have high blood sugar, they crash, being unable to focus. End up wasting hours on Facebook, or making their job feel even longer. This also makes them more suspectible to falling into a stupor and watching mass media. Or, they temporarily fix this by taking a drug: caffiene, 5 hour energy, ridilin, etc. 



2. control your time.
Link to nofilmschool's time management article.


allocate as much time into your highest prioritized project. You can't be a jack of all trades and finish a project. I'm interested in martial arts, breakdancing, chess, and everything else too, but I only do those things during my free time. I don't let it take away from my main project's time.

A recurring thought. Media is distracting. So much time is wasted experiencing media. Facebook, TV shows, the Internet. It's much wiser to allocate that time into creating things.

Everything in the world competes for my time, and right now, doing/making stuff wins...most of the time.



3. Take a step back from the world you live in.
Then with a clear mind, think. Think about yourself. What do you want to do.
Remove all of the external factors in the world: capitalism, school, work, and just wander for a little bit.
link to no film school.

For me, this occurs after every great media and sometimes when I'm alone in the city.

4. Do it.
You may think, you need to go to school, or get an internship, or learn how to do something. You are capable of doing whatever you want on your own. You have the internet. What's stopping you? Fear of failure? Start small. Repeat and you'll get better.

no school
The only things worth learning and memorizing are human factors, design, and coordination.

an old thought that reoccured after using limit function: Most knowledge is temporary. There's no point of memorizing something if you are not going to use it in the near future. You only need to learn what's needed for the current point in time.
BLOG THIS, after I finish the game. My use of component algorithm, factory pattern, limit, etc. Possible title: learn by doing, not learn then do, only the final product matters. Possible category: life lessons.

http://skinnyartist.com/why-art-school-sucks/
http://skinnyartist.com/are-you-afraid-to-be-an-artist/

T skinny artist and many others have gone through the same process of discovering that they are an artist, find the time to do it, then do it. I wonder if everyone is an artist, but just get stuck in routine, never making time for it. I guess everyone can be an artist. Everyone has thoughts, a personal opinion. They probably also want to display it, but they just do not have the technical skill to transfer their thoughts to a medium. They feel that they need to go to school to do it, since that is the conventional route. Or maybe they do not have the money to use the time to get there. Actually, I believe everyone has time, they just need to make room for it. Whether poor or spoiled, it's possible.

The only schooling a human needs is the basics. Possibly only up to middle school (JD dropped out of high school). After that the kid can do whatever he/she likes.
College is backwards. Or at least at the age of 18, it is. College teaches people the fundamentals of a subject. Which is good, but can be demotivating. A better approach would be to start doing whatever you like, then when you want to sharpen your skills, you take some college courses. Choose the courses that fit your current project or interest, so you can apply them immediately.

draw the pursue interest graph

It is tough to see if a person is creative. Is everyone creative, but just restricted it due living a conventional life?


5. ...very few people make it this far
This is where I am...
Be consistent, don't stop?

Hone your creativity. Output great work.

puruse interest and generate a final product



Life Goals / Philosophy
1. Do what I want to
2. Live a simple life
3. Help others achieve 1 and 2











You have to balance creativity and work. If you're being creative most of the time, then you'll only create small artsy products. If you work most of the time, then you lose sight of creativity. You have to take breaks and alternate the time between creativity and work.








other sorta related thoughts:
To be a great programmer you have to be a well rounded person. I wonder if this is true for every profession.

"my first game, about finding yourself in a capitalist world" about sums up my current state in life

During the past few weeks, here at home, I've been thinking a lot. Mostly because I am unemployed and not working on anything. I've slowly been coming to term with my own personality, who I am. I'm a lone adventurer, who embarks on his own path, experiencing everything personally, with an open heart. Nobody's opinion has influenced me in another direction. Every choice I make is composed purely of my own judgement and feeling.

Living in a house near family and friends restricts my personal adventures. I never turn down favors, and I'm quite technical, so I'm often helping others. A job in a company feels the same. I'm just helping someone else. "It's nothing personal, just business". None of it is satisfying as a personal adventure.