This blog post complements the life lessons post [link].

While living alone, taking on my own personal journey, I wonder about the the other 99% of people. The people who live in suburbs, work a dead-end full-time job for the man.

I also wonder about the values of the white collar class of people.

The effects of capitalism.

Bergeousie.

Looking at my thoughts.txt, this was my first thought and the reason I started writing my thoughts down. 

10/24/2009
i had to write the following down somewhere, i've gone over these things so many times
i think it's very hard to to grow up in the US and end up being a well-balanced (good judgement) individual
i think most of the choices you make, to become who you are, are done by genetics, which is sad.
...but most of my brown generation have followed a brolife, which is fine...i guess...but they're not really trying in school or life. just lost souls in a stupid society
...and what happened to the learning!? did people lose their ability to learn? now people just say, "oh this stupid device is broken, and now i have to buy a new one". google/wikipedia more! if my 42yr old aunt can come to america, learn english/computers/owning a house/getting and keeping a job, then so can anyone younger than her.
judgement is probably the trait i value the most. my dad has the best, and i have the second best ^^.
mom wins in willpower. maybe i'll gain some willpower, once i have my own family.

life and money
0-30 brood creativity - think of ideas/invent/design
31-50 family
50+ charity/help family and friends

It seems my first thought was more of a rant.




Enver currently lives a "work hard, play hard" philosophy. He's lived this way since I've met him. Is this intrinsic (by nature) or extrinsic (by environment - capitalist society)? He's very self-indulgent (overeating food, using every chance to see friends, using every chance to see girls, etc.). Is this bad? Not really. Just another way to live. He simply loves life. However, this hinders him from achieving long-term goals, such as having a career in acting.

Just had a thought about taking family/freinds up to my apartment (in whichever city I currently live in), and teach the ways of a simple life. Teach them to be self-sufficient, help the world (non-profit, voluntary), and do what they want (arts).

Another thought that just came up after reading an old one: Jonathan Blow once said, ~"Everything in the world is competing for MY time"


not too old, after wikipedia'ing boho
the anarchy of capitalist production that results in instability and cyclical crises of overproduction

the atomized individuals of mass society lose their souls to the phantom delights of the film, the soap opera, and the variety show. They fall into a stupor, or apathetic hypnosis, that Lazarsfeld called the 'narcotizing dysfunction' of exposure to mass media

Amartya Sen's theory of "development as freedom" states that the growth of individual capital, that is, "talent", "creativity", and "personal ingenuity", is more significant than the growth of many other measurable quantities, e.g. production of products for commodity markets.

Political role in advanced capitalism
Since the '50s, when cinema, radio and TV began to be the primary or the only source of information for a larger and larger percentage of the population, these media began to be considered as central instruments of mass control. Up to the point that it emerged the idea that when a country has reached a high level of industrialization, the country itself "belongs to the person who controls communications."
Mass media play a significant role in shaping public perceptions on a variety of important issues, both through the information that is dispensed through them, and through the interpretations they place upon this information. They also play a large role in shaping modern culture, by selecting and portraying a particular set of beliefs, values, and traditions (an entire way of life), as reality. That is, by portraying a certain interpretation of reality, they shape reality to be more in line with that interpretation.


I think a rich family (bourgeois) is more likely to have children that follow a wrong path in life than a poor family (proletariat). Only in a bourgeois envorinment allows you to make that mistake. Maybe the children in the poor family suffer at an earlier age, inspiring them to live out their dreams. Maybe I didn't know what to do in my life until I worked 9-5. Before that, I wondered directionless. After that, I've found direction.



me trying to explain why a popular news event is not important to me

Why should I care for this popular new event? It is insignificant as any other in it's class. It does not affect me in any way. It does not help me to know that Anthony Weiner's wiener is on twitter and it doesn't help any further to hear a hundred other pundits opinion on the situation. The event  should only be allotted 30 seconds of my time. Just a summary of what happened, and that's it, nothing more.

I would argue that staying up to date on popular news and art (films, music, etc.) is a negative factor, as you can allocate that time to doing things you are interested in.

I guess if you're tired working after a 8 hour day, viewing popular entertainment is okay, for the sake of pure entertainment, to make you temporarily happy. But you're not learning anything.

Oh, I can also see it being helpful socially to start a conversation, but even then, it's not providing any useful conversational points, as the subject is insignificant.

i'm different
getting labeled as weird due to weird interests such as art films, indie music, non-standard methods/solutions in day-to-day life, a lack of care for clothing/etiquette/class/race/people I considered to be boring/having a business personality--these are the things I considered unimportant and often completely ignored, the lack of emotions thanks to my INTJ personality doubled the effect earning me the descriptive adjective "soulless"


