postmortem:
This game required a lot of interesting coding. I had to create a <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connected_component_labeling">connected component labeling</a> algorithm as I couldn't find any in ActionScript. For the homing missile I had to use vector math. To calculate the failure rate of upgrades I used a function that approaches a <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limit_(mathematics)">limit</a>. This proves that if you have are motivated enough to create a product of your vision you'll do anything to get there, even if it means going back to those dreadful middle school mathematics.

I may try to complete it and throw it on some flash portal just for the sake of completing a project. I'm also willing to collaborate with anyone interested.



Who?

Well, I think you know my name already. It's all part of my shameless self-branding strategy.

I grew up in suburban Hampton Roads (it's sad I have to link this), attended a nearby college (it's even sadder I'm not linking this), and didn't really begin thinking about what I was going to do in life until I graduated (super sad panda face). After graduation, I decided that I would try a nearby programming job before moving out. So I did. The job and company was okay, but it quickly became a chore, and the monotony of the suburb wore me down. After leaving that job I flew to San Francisco. There, my city desires were filled. With xiaolongbao, horchata, ramen, pearl milk tea, and an infinite amount of events. But career-wise I made the rash decision, possibly influenced by money, of working at a company in a lowly position with a long commute. After unmistakably working for the man for longer than I should have I moved to New York with a friend.

This is where the juicy part begins. I have no intention to get a full-time job. I'm living off of the little savings I have left over. I plan to only partake in projects I am genuinely interested in and be as prolific as I can. While doing this I have to balance exploration and family. Will my simple methods keep me alive or will I lose hope and fall into the stupor that capitalism causes? Stay tuned to find out!

Why?

I initially created this website for many reasons. I wanted my identity on the web. If anyone wants more information about me I can link them here. I plan to publish my resume and portfolio here. I also created it for learning purposes. This server is my sandbox for leisure web programming. Lastly, I wanted to share some notes and source code that I've gathered through my experience as a techie in hopes of helping others.

Since then, the main reason has changed a little. The blog transformed into a personal outlet, to rid the thoughts that were burning in my mind. I plan to further transform it into a blog of integrity akin to Coding Horror, so that anyone can benefit from reading it, deeming it more valuable than the average blog.

Website Profiles

Facebook, check out my interests

Yelp, I'm way better than you. I'm elite.

Contact Info

Email me at me@rahilpatel.com, especially if you want to collaborate on video games, films or any creative projects!