Evoked by the thought: How could there be so many people in this world, and no one taking political action?

I was especially thinking about Taiwan’s current situation, and how few people think about it, react to it, going on with their daily lives, able to enjoy life. I think much of the answer has to do with the anthropology and history of Taiwan [link], but still, the question exists for the rest of the world. 

I do not think Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King, or Ghandi were extremely intelligent beings, far from many great scientists and philosophers. They just had a higher level of action than the average person, and good conduct. The current situation of the society they lived in triggered a response. One that any artist likely responds to too, but sublimate to art instead, one that many people try to do something, like start a protest (thinking of occupy NY and Taiwan) but fail, one that most people think is right, but never take the action to do. How they reacted, to be successful, must require excellent rational, and that is worth looking into, and perhaps why people do read about them.

From my knowledge, none of them wrote great books, instead, read a lot. Their works consists of dialog: letters and speeches. People of action, politicians, often do not write books to argue about what’s wrong with the world and how to fix it, they simply take action, do it.

Digressing away.

#So why so few?

##Some conditions need to be met in the person:
People need to survive.

Only the people who already are capable of surviving and have the freedom (including time) to do other things.

It requires a person who is more selfless.

The most narrowing condition, I feel, is good conduct. Someone who is capable of running a successful business or school maybe able to tackle this. Still, there are many of them, why not allocate time into political action?

I think another problem is post-modernism [link] — being separated from television and reality.

##Some conditions need to be met in the government:
In countries where a highly modern bureaucracy exist, the effect of action is lessened. After several years of gay pride rallies and media, the law still has not be uplifted in most of the states. It’s such a pitiful cost-effect ratio. A country with too much bureaucracy lessens the will to take political action, leaving people inactive. So at the country level, there should be an ability to change, at faster rate, to keep the excitement of citizens to react higher.

In Taiwan, I felt that action can be taken, where it would mean something. And it did. It’s outcome was just less fortunate.

##Society and Culture effects:
People who take action must live active lives, in everything, work, art, politics, whatever. Societies with more traditional values (Japan, Korea), I feel, have fewer. To contradict that, it only takes one person to make a movement.

##Early and lazy conclusion:
Still, with all of the narrowing conditions (and hunderds more that I did not think of at the time of writing this), there are millions of people in the information age, I feel there should be a lot more people engaged into positive political action. I cannot rationally come to answer this, and it continues to bewilder me.