# a thought provoked by a listening of Lorde
Lorde does seem to follow that tradition of MLKing and X. Dreams of a more inclusive society. All truths. All reality. Of making individuals see the hate within themselves, their own prejudices.

But, like those two past orators, they merely use words. Nowadays, we have videos, probably even live videos on the internet, of the prejudices of reality. And still, it all exists.

Media is nearly ineffective. That’s a fact I’ve come to a decade ago.

Rebellion is not.

Documentations of most past horrors exist. What good is it, thousands of years after the invention of documenting?

Nothing.

That was the reason for my every-day public city arts. People need to be reminded, to be conscious, on a daily basis, or, they will fall back into their cozy internalized hierarchies.

Those that listen are very different form those that don’t. The audience that needs to listen isn’t listening to Lorde, their mothers, anarchists, outcasts, or anyone else living moral lives.

I have never met a person who learned they were acting immorally by reading anything. It is learned by being called out, constantly.

Only a culture that calls out immoral acts consistently will there be morals followed. Not policed, but, shamed.

Yet, I see no one.

Taiwan sits in silence. Lorde might be able to understand the silences, but the immoral people don’t. It is up to anyone that can see the silences to stand up for them, to call out. It is the responsibility for those that see the world in chains, who themselves aren’t disabled by those same chains.

The silences vary greatly: cultural norms—family culture, friend culture, society culture; money / capital—wage labor contracts, property contracts, other relations based on money: but, generally, being brain-washed or tricked.

Why do people endure hard-ships? To survive? Some-times, but far less so for the rich (those that have enough to survive for a few months without dying).

The meaning of survival isn’t merely to not die, it is /to live/. To continue living, having the relations one has grown with, the environment, doing what one desires, everything. It’s a more holistic meaning. /To get by/.

Even further, to grow. Which is, to live and learn slowly. Understanding the things that matter the most. Mainly, not money.

If a person wanted to live without silence, one could get up, find a community with a culture where one doesn’t have to be silent, or, simply live with a few friends. But, females are more likely to remain loyal, with the relations they’ve worked on.

Like little relationship engineers, they’ve worked on their social network for a long time, trying to improve. Yet, it doesn’t seem to ever be enough. They hit limits.

Most seem to compromise with seasonal bouts of anger at unspecific targets. Few will actually find their way to a feminist collective: a place where they can truly live, and not compromise.

To change the societies that most people live in would mean to constantly call out all of the wrong acts, and, I simply just don’t see it happening.

America has come the closest, calling out popular-isms, yet, it suffer from capital-related problems the most, along with the environment and it’s feeder countries. Sure, it may have improved on the isms, but, it took the invention of social media to do that. The improvement of the isms doesn’t make up for the damages done by the military and industries.

Yet, Taiwan fails in the opposite way. It never improved on its prejudices. It’s still entirely prejudice against anyone that doesn’t look like the majority ethnicity: Han Chinese. There’s not much hate crimes, but, there’s not much places in society for anyone different either. The different peoples have just learned to live on their own. It’s more cutthroat, closer to actual survival: selling wares on market streets. At least here the bureaucracy hasn’t made it impossible for them to survive though. It’s quite okay to sell things on the street. There are ways to live. It’s just not in cooperation with the majority peoples.

That, I believe, is also okay. To create that division between those with prejudices and those that are inclusive. Conservative values vs inclusive values (nothing to do with American senses of those words). In fact, it may be the right way to go.

Completely disconnect from the people with conservative values. It is they that have to learn to get along with everyone else. Leave them isolated. Save everyone else.

People that live in cities can’t imagine disconnecting their-selves from the rest, as so much of their lives depend on the city: food, shelter, water, cafes, stores, and so on. People in the rural are much better at completely being disconnected from others, being able to choose precisely when to engage in a relation, even one as simple as exchanging for food. It is that complexity of the city, intertwine-ness that really make it difficult for even intellectuals to really even begin making progress.

Anarchists of the cities have to create a giant critical theory of the world to figure out what’s going on, simply because they live in cities. It’s difficult, wading through all of that information, reality and media, to get anywhere. (The SI comes to mind.)

Simply the need for capital can make one do immoral things, and, one often needs capital to live.

It is most likely the slow-living, slow-deciding, thoughtful type, whether feminists, INFP personality type, or just happens to have these traits, that often really finds the true way out. It’s also often those peoples that do hold a us vs them attitude. /The System/.

For a long time, I thought /the system/ was a simplistic concept often used by hippies. But, I believe there’s some more intuition behind it for the people that I’ve met that use it. /Us vs The System/ is a progress.

Us vs The System divides all that is right from wrong; all that is pure from impure. Often, those types are the most pure-hearted individuals.

In the past I have likened them to be the key. The key to get us all out of the system. They’re the ones who begin communes, maintain them, maintaining the pure-ness within them, albeit with weak forms of protest (passive aggressiveness) against impurities.

It all begins with these small communities. Perhaps only 3 people at it’s core. We can only handle nurturing one familial community at any given moment. The city is an impossible task, simply because there is not way to nurture that many people. The city isn’t structured as a collective of communities with moral-filled models at the core of each; It’s structured on money. And to change the city to a more ideal structure would require the abolition of money, as a starting point.

So, for the moment, I’ve chosen to simply take a little money from the city and to build ideal structures (communities) closer to nature, where one can live and learn to live nearly without money in the process.

America can’t be saved. Taiwan can’t be saved either. Save yourself, and try to bring your relations along, changing just those few people in the process. In this way, we restructure society for our closest few, grabbing some funky outkasts along the way, and hopefully housing some stragglers and saving some slaves from the system too. The only competitions left are, who provides the most hospitality, the most nurturing, the most vigilantes, the most robin hoods?

I do.