# The origin of all problems, particularly, the female one
This is the most important thought. This is the origin of all problems. The system causes people (males more-so) to get money, which in turn causes people (everyone, but notably females) to stop politicking, basically to stop living, consciously or naturally (or: “being a woman”), because:

As soon as the system (money, capitalism, or all of it?) enters, then much of the focus, the attention of all minds (again, more-so males), perhaps much of life(!), and, much priority goes toward the system (usually time-consuming, instrumental actions toward accumulation), instead of all of the intricacies and decisions about how to live every moment, together. [todo: the deeper problem is in here]

It’s easier to live in the system: work in an existing corporation, eat conveniently, sleep in an existing house, spend time with one’s partner (which might be reduced to giving money to!)... Compare that to the infinite possibilities and actions of peoples that live communally, naturally.

To me, feminist theory, post-structural theory, post-modern theory, n’ so on, all have *the same simple desire: to be, factoring in one’s own true nature.* In doing so, it breaks all structures, appearing chaotic, but beneath is equally simply just *the natural way to be: living in the moment*.

More importantly, those same post-structural theories all have *the same root problem: civilization, the system, /the structure/*, ‘duh(!). [I also get the hunch there’s an emphasis on the money part, which works in mysterious ways, quite complex to analyze...]

How do relations of life change once the system (particularly, money) is included in every-day decisions?

Is that question different from: How do relations of life change once /money/ is included in every-day decisions?

So much of our lives have been distorted by civilization that one can’t even ask these questions because we haven’t lived without the system: We haven’t lived truly: communally. Sure, one may live communally at home, but the rest of politics enters as one exits the home. Sure, one may have gotten high, and got a taste of it. But beyond these few momentary escapes, one hasn’t really got the experience. It really takes living in a commune, an indigenous society, or just having the money saved to live ideally (though still impossibly difficult not to avoid money abuses...) for quite some time to really know it.

The result is *the great antagonism: not being able to be one’s true self,* or even getting closer to understanding what that may be!

That’s really where my personality intersects with less institutionalized females: I desire and am attracted to people who behave naturally, and they desire to be able to continue to be, or perhaps even more simply: they are just living, naturally. Much of my life has been spent seeking and living with such natural-living people. I hope much of my remaining life may be spent trying to enable people to be their true selves (...creating natural hang-out spaces [you know, the kind where open mics opens hearts], tools to enable one to live without lengthy wage contracts... otherwise providing ways).

Anyway, luckily they all have *the same answer: to live out-side of the structure.* In the foot-steps of the Zapatistas we all must go to begin our own  uncivilized civilizations.

Otherwise, to even be aware of how much the structures have altered our lives, one would have to constantly ask those previous questions every-time before taking just about every action. Or more simply: What would I do without the system? Or: What would I truly do? What do I /really/ want to do? What do I /feel/ like doing, /right now/?

The thing that reminded me of this old thought:
> Delphine Yeyet insisted on the elevated status of women in the traditional non-state societies of Gabon. She aimed, through her speech, at destroying the myth according to which women, oppressed in primitive communes, are being liberated in today’s monetary societies where men dominate. “In a subsistence economy,” Yeyet observed, “men are obliged to earn their livelihood in cooperation with women without exploiting them. In a monetary economy, however, the thirst for comfort and profit pushes men to exploit women and chase them from the domains of political and social action”
  - quoted by Trinh T. Minh-ha in WOMAN, NATIVE, OTHER: Writing Postcoloniality and Feminism. (Perhaps her-self reminded by Ivan Illich’s Gender)