http://www.everyculture.com/Sa-Th/Taiwan.html#b
  - good article on Taiwan

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthropology

traveling blog

taipei

day 1:

find JV's hostel
Tonhua night market

I wasn't feeling too well in the beginning. Perhaps I was still depressed from the 2 months of doing nothing at home. I'm still nowhere near my creative/productive/happy self, but things got better as I explored the city. Even then, I had troubles getting out of the hostel and choosing a destination. Partly because it's a bit difficult to explore without a smartphone.

I questioned my decision of traveling over career. I felt that I would only be happy if I am creating something. Going in a certain direction. Traveling doesn't fulfill this.

Maybe I'll end up going in the same direction, but in a different place. Find a part time job, attend contemporary art events, meet people at the hostel, make games. The usual city stuff.

The crucial difference in New York and other cities is that I know people with very similar interests. Elsewhere, I am alone.


I was surprised at how Taipei is to New York, or any other city. The same personalities, classes, consumerism, markets, etc. I think once you've lived in a city, a rural area, and a suburb, you've lived everywhere.

After applying to some part time jobs, I should try finding contemporary art events in Taipei.

I wonder if I should even try work exchanges in rural areas now. Will it be even less satisfying than the city?

day 2:

Shilin night market and shopping centers

before going out:

Despite living in a new place, I am still uninspired, still not thinking as quickly as I did in NY and SF. Now, I believe I need to have work to look forward to. For now, an art project. In order to get back to that state, I need to begin making games again. I hope I do get a part time job ASAP, so that I have a stable time to work.

Current plan: get part time job, get back into game development, and even filmmaking (fun in another country!), go out once a day, the usual. For the next move, try securing a job before moving to it.

day 3:

Ding Tai Feng at SOGO shopping mall - a chain restaurant famous for it's xiaolongbao
National Palace museum - meh, 70% of it was pottery, the paintings were interesting because they were so detailed

It's been three days and I'm already bored.

If you've been to a city, there isn't much that's new. It's mostly shopping and eating.  I'm not going to complete tourist destinations either. The city is repetitive; Night markets, giant malls of popular designers, random temples. Even other travelers at the hostel agree that there isn't much to see.

The reason for this may be because I do not know of contemporary art events to attend. If I were a foreigner that travelled to New York, I may not have found Upright Citizen's Brigade or cool events in Brooklyn.

Or maybe humans have a need to work toward something to feel normal.

The National Palace Museum was a bore. Even the night market food gets old, although I'll still try something new everyday.

I'll likely choose outdoor things to do: scooter across the east cost, hike a jungle, climb a mountain. It's so easy to find a thing to do, find a nearby hostel, get to it, and do it. I'm just waiting for my cell phone to get unlocked, which'll make traveling even easier.

I need to get a part time job ASAP too. Maybe even the work exchange I saw outside of Taipei. As long as it's along the bus routes, that should be okay.

observation
The people who live in hostels are interesting, but I don't get along with those without direction as much. Especially the ones that drink.

Floor seems to work for a few months to get money, then go out to travel again. One was here to renew their Korean visa, which doubles as a vacation. The crowd is diverse. In just three days I've met people from the Netherlands, Shanghai, Seoul, Arizona, The Bay Area, India, and Sweden.


observation

I'm not learning Mandarin at all. I need to find an external case for my 3.5" hard drive ASAP to retrieve Rosetta Stone from it. People talk, but I'm not actively listening for sounds or anything. It's just me wandering.

It's surprising how easy it is to travel in a place where everything is written in a foreign language, and everyone speaks in a foreign language. The design of the metro system maps are very similar to any other. Color coded, designed well enough to understand. English where it's necessary.

I had a difficult time the first day, but the next day was somehow easier. All I needed to do was figure out how to get from the hostel to the main street on which the metro is. The street signs are difficult to find, so I remember by landmarks. Many times I don't know the landmark, but remember the sight once I see it. A smartphone isn't necessary; It's a little more fun to find the way to the destination asking people nearby to help, but it's also a waste of time.

day 4:

morning:

I can see how travelers can keep wandering. I feel like I could get bored of Taiwan in just a week, and then feel like moving to the next city. Should I travel quickly for a few months, exploring countries entirely and then come back to New York, or should I travel slowly, picking up part time jobs, and developing games? I think I'll stay on track and try a part time job and game development. I hope it works!

Maybe this kind of fast traveling is only exploring the surface. Maybe there's more, but you have to invest time into it. You have to learn the language, make friends, then you will find beauties hidden to the common traveler, like finding cool events in Brooklyn or cool neighborhoods in San Francisco.

note to self: I need an iPhone to write my thoughts down as I think of them. I also need to start developing games again so I think of them while traveling, actively thinking of new ideas.


observation:
I feel like 95% of the world simply lives, without purpose. Working, eating, consuming entertainment. The hostel owners are young. They clean, eat, watch bad TV, and socialize with the travelers. It seems that is their day. Nothing to look forward to.

Traveling is a form of consumerism too. Without applying observations into art, what purpose is there?


This hostel already feels like home.


day 5:

amusement park with Sandy and Yunis

I had plans, but then two friends of the hostel's employees wanted to go to the amusement park, so I decided to join them. Floor came along too.

The amusement park was disappointing. It was overpriced and only had one real roller coaster. What was worth it is the experience of going with two Taiwanese residents.

[small profile for both]

[eat many meals]

[terrible media]

[no ambition, supervisor of Costco, work at hostel, nothing to look forward to]


observation:
consumerism

brands

honest

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthropology

Try to write real articles or essays about certain observations. One article per observation.

Blogs are naive. A good start, but in order to grasp a universal audience, a well-written article with a good amount of research is required. Something that hasn't been written before. Not just something from my perspective.

Don't stop creating. Blog/write articles while traveling. Work on games while working at a part-time job.

day 6:

Taipei 101, The Dark Knight Rises at a nearby cinema, stinky tofu, hibachi with a family

day 7?

fail day

overslept, ESL job search, went to gondola and back, talked the night away with the other hostel workers and travellers

personal:
I'm falling into vacation mode. I need to separate myself from the other hostel members. They are here for vacation. They have something to go back home to. They are temporarily here for school exchange, small vacation before getting a new job, renewing their visa.

8/22/12

gondola to Maokong, clubbing


new plan:
Travel slow (part-time job, 4 months per country, work on my own) vs travel fast (10 days per country, then stop at India or go back to NY to work).

FINISH GAMES. Travel slow, for now. At least try.

It seems there are cooler jobs (photography, film, game, etc.), but I doubt non-Chinese speaking people can compete. Can try tonight.

Can try couchsurfing, to ask locals for tips. Try tonight.

Begin looking for workaway/helpx in the next country
Plan things to do in Taiwan during typhoon?

Just need a 3-4 month gig in any country.

Maybe Taiwan is a place to stay. People are so nice! It would be so easy to find contacts.



8/23

SEPARATE THOUGHTS AND BLOG

talk with Kelvin and Robin, a day out with Rice, Longshan Temple, Songshan(?) cultural park, nearby street market, 

[how people want new experiences, East Asians are interested in Western Culture and vice versa, how common people are consumerists]

8/24

ESL job interview, downtown shopping with Adam, Yao, and Ivy.

[describe how Ivy is the typical consumer, how Adam sold his house and moved here with little or no obligations, how Yao is from a middle to upper class house on a short vacation; excited about everything]

[even Rice plays Facebook games and wants to go out and do something every day. I believe she just needs an artistic outlet, like Sheetal.]

8/25

Lunch and zoo with Rice, Adam, Yao, and Ivy. Dinner with the aforementioned and Emily, Natalie, Lea, and Isaac.

Many of the hostel workers and friends are on summer break from their University. A few decided to work at the hostel as a summer job. It's a great job. You meet people from other countries, show them your own, make some money while doing so, enjoy life. I see no direction in it, but perhaps it is because it is not my choice of path.

8/26

Failed to go to public library, overate bad food, slept, unmotivated, bad times.

8/27

Fail day. Ate breakfast, ate again with hostel members, computered in the bedroom, went out to a mall with a ferris wheel, did not eat then, ate at night market,

8/27-28
should probably move to Taiwan blog:

Traditional art is boring. Contemporary art is vast, unexplored. It's much more fun exploring new mediums.

Taiwanese people are overall happy. Check the happy index on Wikipedia. Although they are happy, I see no ambition. No competition.

Taiwanese (and likely East Asian) people are organized and courteous. On escalators, people who want to stand stay on the right side, people who want to walk, on the left. I've never seen anyone block a pathway. The same organization applies to vehicular traffic. I once saw a scooter get nudged by a mini pickup truck. The scooter curved off direction, stopped, looked back at the offending vehicle, then moved on. He shrugged off the incident as if it were a baby that dropped food.

All classes of society are happy. Not faking happy for the face of the company they work for. Real happiness.

I was asked by a mother of a family of three to join them as they were going out tomorrow.

Typhoons come, people make mistakes, they forgive and they forget.

The influence of media is astounding. Like moths to a light bulb they are attracted to what is marketed to them. They take pictures of movie posters with their iPhones, not thinking about the films that could be made with them.

Downtowns are all the same. big businesses, big banks, big brand shopping centers, big chain restaurants.

Some people wore raincoats during the water rapids ride. An entire family.They wanted to ride but not get wet?

Vidit and Floor told stories of their times in Korea in which there is a beach near Busan where there are buoys and helicopters to make sure Koreans do not pass a certain distance. Is this merely because a recent accident or is it because they are very secure?

There are very few fat people in Taiwan, yet they seemingly eat all the time, 5 or more meals a day. It's so hot and humid I never feel like eating. When I do, it's either meat or sugar, usually in the form of fried meat and tea.

8/28 

Lunch with crew

?/?
begin work at DADA school

9/1
Taipei with Rosie

9/2
Taichung with Tomo and Penny

Food: chicken leg, papaya milk, black sugar tea, grilled onigiri

9/15
contemporary art in Taipei, Digital Art Center performance, Huashan park performances and "Metropolis"

9/16
a walk in Zhongli, realizing I don't need to go far to experience something new. Hakka buns, catfish soup, reading chinese characters, observing the younger generation's consumerism.

9/22 and 9/23
?

9/29 and 9/30
Leave DADA school, celebrate Lunar Moon Festival with Mandy, ?, Ricco, Stacy, and their family.

10/2
mud spring in Guangziling
Tainan
Talk about life with Kate at the hostel

10/3
Ride bicycle to get food for Kate, go to Gaoxiong. Stay with Jason Shen.

10/4
Jason Shen, works 12 hours a day, reminds me of how I live in New York. Subtract the TV watching.

Biking alone in Xijin feels like wondering around neighborhoods near College Park.

Haven't used the computer for some time. I feel productive again. I have a little more direction.

Living on my own schedule makes a significant difference in life. I enjoy being alone, the only one awake, working away during night. Observing others.

I'm learning how to be productive and travel simultaneously.

10/5
Go to Taidong.

10/8
Scooter to Reshui. Stop by to eat during rain, get overexcited and skid the scooter on a random mountain trail, Guangfu sugar factory, Reshui springs, long ride back.

10/10
CouchSurf with Yanyu. Walk around campus, talk about life.

10/11
Day out with Yanyu. Go to Hualien. Take one of her favorite trails. Go to an art gallery. Drink tea at an indie cafe. Go to the supermarket.

10/12
Go to Taipei. JV's hostel again. See Rice, Adam, Natalie, and the chinese worker (dumpling).

Long train ride. Taiwan travellers are cute, positive, as if they're tired from a long family trip. Feels like the Hogwarts Express.

10/13
Miss flight to Philippines, buy a flight to Singapore on the same night, sleep at Singapore airport.

10/14
Singapore hostel. Walk around at night in Little India and Arab street.

10/15
Go to Kuala Lumpur.

KL.
Overeat and do nothing for a week. One day, wake up, regain direction, begin job hunt.

