removed:
| (• ◡•)|/ \(❍ᴥ❍ʋ).

to Constant Struggle Ethics:

new blog post:
Why I tried Humans of Taiwan:
The goal of humans is to find interesting people and share their stories, not to learn mandarin.

It seems I forgot that Humans of Taiwan is for other people, not for myself to learn Mandarin. Though choosing to do the project fit my interst in Manadrin.

I think HOT (lol) was an epitome of progressive education and yet not far from modern art aesthetics. Though not novel new media, it had a balance.

Primitively, I just wanted to talk to people.


new blog post:
Why people make art
10/26
The goal of banksy is to criticize society, as a person who sees the world in a novel way.

And he does it with public art. Anyone can stumble upon it. Think about it. Well, anyone in a city.

One of my favorites is the time he took a truck full of stuffed animals through the meatpacking district. I only read about it, but at the time I was in a very passionate state too, spending a lot of time on the street. I had a few ideas that had to do with the garbage trucks of Taiwan before learning about that piece of work.

Anyway, now to create a list of reasons:
- to criticize society, in hopes of educating society of its problems. It's rather political. I think Orwell wrote something along this extent, long-windedy.

[this list will be appended to later]



to progressive education:
9/25/13
Perhaps the class is okay, I just have to take it at night.

No, it sucks. Watching foreigners fail at speaking is not fun. I'd rather listen to the radio or work at a more social job. A cafe. Something more natural.
...
Go full time mandarin. Job at night. Hostel and bar late night.

between 9/28/13 and 10/7/13:
I shouldn't go out just for photos. I should be able to take then while living in Taipei.
...
Consume nothing for the purpose of "learning". Just live. Consume because you want to.

10/26
Expensive hipster bars and cafes. Take the job, not because you are a failure, but because your goal is to learn mandarin and have fun.





Experience and Media: (or imitate media or art)
10/26
You have to keep living, keep consuming. It's just better to consume life as opposed to media.

Media often shows the perspective of a person's construction of reality. It can never be as good as an experience.

Though, if one were to take video and walk around, it wouldn't be bad.




Schizoid and Interaction
11/4
Games are important to Schizoids because they provide interaction.



11/11
Feel lonely living in an apartment alone. Miss the hostel.




to indecisiveness:
I can't rely on others. I just need to sit down and make stuff from now on. At most, I can work in Tainan or travel, then start my own studio. Spend little to no time on business.

the lack of direction, the failure to choose one, wasted time. You have to keep doing things! Don't stop to think about direction.





Feed New Experience Ethics:









Feelings when moving from an Active Social Life in an Undeveloped Country to a Developed Country:
In Japan, soon after flying from Korea:
thoughts from Japan before 9/24/13:
Blog. Alone, again. Without constant social connection. The safety switch is off. Hours pass without excitement. Only fine art satisfies. Life is dull. I'm not extracting experience from life anymore.

I go to the Tokyo game show, late, without care or motivation. There's an indie game zone with many indie developers, but I just don't care for the moment. I talk to a few, but its unimportant. It's far from life.

Developed countries are desolate places. Inhuman.

People with similar interests of objects gather. What a weird phenomenon that all those people came together. The simple pleasure of talking to neighbors was not enough?

At least, I think that's what I was thinking.









to game manifesto:
thoughts from Japan before 9/24/13:
Things I felt: single player games are useless, unless it manages to compel one to play as Braid does. Any genre game is useless.
...
Perhaps something more geared toward art is better for me. New media. Film. Few games compare in making the same impact as a good film. It lacks life, especially of its single player. Multiplayer games are special.


What games are good at:
- fun
- multiplayer experience

What will take time to catch up on:
- humanities










The Choice between Ideal Lifestyles:
thoughts from Japan before 9/24/13:
There seems to be a choice. I could live a happy life in a country with generally happy people, likely putting less time into work. Or, I could struggle to make something great, in a city, spending more time on work and alone. For now, I choose Taiwan over New York. I think I will be happier there.
...
I'd rather live Jon and Ching's life than Jonathan Blow. It's more fun.






Time and Art Mediums:
thoughts from Japan before 9/24/13:
The music performances were worth their time: hours of it. An indie gaame lasts minutes and often isn't worth it. Performances only affect a few people though. Mediums allow broad access. Is it worth the time to craft on a popular medium? I don't think so. Just record a performance well.

This invoked a thought about an old event I attended, an art exhibition where people made games for old Atari consoles. An artist told of his toils. If the arduous experience of making something does is not included in the experience, then it is not worth the time. His toil sounded like sadism.




Why it may be better to live outside of the City:
thoughts from Japan before 9/24/13:
The city provides like-minded people that create things that satisfy similar people. It's the reason why I would live in cities. To have friends and an audience. But now, it just seems like a bunch of geeks gathering. It's too narrow. If I do make an art organization, it should allow anyone to enter, and not be so narrow. Just fun. I'm glad to choose Taiwan over Tokyo. It retains the social sense of Asia. Tokyo could transform me into my narrow New York indie game film self. In Taiwan I feel I would be forced to create alone, more, without influence of similar people. Just friends and live and make stuff on the side, for fun.

Taiwan has much more public interaction. That's an important trait for me.

It pushes you to make art that is universally appreciated, as opposed to appealing to a narrow audience.




to pleasures:
thoughts from Japan before 9/24/13:
Constant communication is the key to life, and is why I felt so good in India, Seoul, and many other places. Being alone is a waste of time.
...
Artificial objects do not feel emotions, but people can perceive emotions in actions. How would you feel if familiar objects in everyday life suddenly smiled at you?

Should inanimate objects be able to provide pleaure?






Slave Mentality and Creativity:
9/24/13
I wake up earlier than I want to. My mind goes slow, perhaps 1/3rd the speed. I can do work, but not think simultaneously. If the class is too early for me, change to a later one. It's not worth being sleepy for. I don't want to lose my fascination for life. I need to think in the morning, think about what to do, create a new day, everyday. The only routine I should have is to create a new experience, like Humans of New York. Never a full-time service job, unless its relaxed like a cafe job.
...
Living by feeling. Travel.

I believe, for a large portion of my life, I was a but a slave.




My love for Taiwan:
9/25/13
Taiwan instantly makes me happy. The person I met at the bus stop who is going to talk to a Mandarin teacher about exchange, the greenery from the bus window, the random array of buildings, the sun, dangbing and doujiang, kids coming out of a university, bikes, scooters, people, talking on the subway. This is easily the best country I have been in. Another good choice.






to Language Learning:
9/25/13
Work a social job? Practice on the job, use workbooks.

A tutor could be really good to just ask questions about things I want to know.

The class isn't interactive enough.
...
There's time between class for participation that slows down learning. There's just not enough to consume or learn or motivate. Not enough creativity.
...
You could take a tutor, but you need to study the basics in a progressive way anyway.
...
The pace of school is too slow for smart people. It's best to follow motivation.
...
Need Mandarin speaking friends to socialize with, or work that requires me to speak mandarin.

between 9/28/13 and 10/7/13:
Watch TV shows upright. Then write down pinyin and text of each character I do not know.

Television may be the best way to remember a large amount of characters becuase there is context and characters visible simultaneously helping the mind associate the two.





Searching for Like-Minded instead of Creating:
between 9/28/13 and 10/7/13:
I'm looking too much, as opposed to living and creating. I need to stop and chill. Maybe.





The Addiction of New Experiences:
between 9/28/13 and 10/7/13:
I wake up earlier, a little more tired, without thought or wanting to experience something new really badly. Is this okay? Have I given up? I move without motivation. I consume without evaluating time. I went out with a hostelmate yesterday and another today. I feel it's worthless. I'd rather be extremely motivated, doing things according to my feelings.

I don't think I can live a normal life. It's not exciting enough.

Begin playing mandarin tv show in the morning to satisfy the feeling to consume.

Talk to strangers all day. Never be alone!

I'm becoming far less social now. Perhaps the class is screwing my life up. I need to be more on the edge. Being in San Francisco was useless. I experienced fine art and spent most of the time working on something I didn't finish. I need more social life.





Creating Media or Creating Experiences
between 9/28/13 and 10/7/13:
Perhaps it is best for me to live alone, consuming only grandeur media and life, to inspire me to create things on such a standard.

Why spend so much time imbuing something on a medium? Well, as long as I'm not doing it alone, it IS an experience. Doing it alone, is crafting, which I find unrewarding.




Negative effects of life in suburbia:
11/2/13
Stop use of computer tomorrow. Only for job search, and even then, it should be used very little. Be more extrovert! More life and adventure, less computer.







New York:
From my iPhone thoughts they're just common coming of age thoughts: art, managing time for art projects, art ideas, society and the individual, consumerism, the effects of mass media, etc. Apparently, I came of age very late.

A lot of ideas for games and film derived from the media I consumed and didn't stray far. Not creative at all.

Perhaps from sitting in front of a computer for 8 or more hours a day, listening to music most of the time, for the past few years had taken it's toll, limiting my creativity greatly.

