
VA
Route 58 Delicatessen
Aloha Hawaiian BBQ
Domo Sushi
Cugini's - need to go again
Saigon #1 Restaurant
Sal's Pizza
Ms. Marian's
Pho 79
Qdoba
Jason's Deli - pot roast melt
Great Bridge BBQ - nothing special, expensive for what it is
DiCarlo's Pizza
Norfolk Botanical Garden
Iggle's - 1/4lb Angus Dog
Gus and George's - two types of steaks with Seung
Bruno's NY Style Pizza - had the wings at a wing festival
TCC Chesapeake - and it's library



NY
mayonnaise corn cart in Jackson Heights(?) along with a bunch of other stands, upload video
Halal Cart
Lomyznianka
$1-$2 pizza in east village
porchetta
5 dumplings for $1
random hot sausage at a cart
burrito and horchata at the taqueria in downtown
random mexican restaurant in Williamsburg
pruscuitto pizza at Faralennni's?

NJ
Mitsawa Marketplace
the ramen at Mitsawa Marketplace
the place next to the school zone
fresh seaweed triangle wraps, mocha, and other cakes at the supermarket

HR
Luna Maya

SF
New May Wah
Cafe Du Nord
Clement Dim Sum
Bakehry on Clement?
Joy
7/11 - nice staff, better toppings than suburbs, hot dog still made my tummy rumble, old sasauge buscuit saves my night
sunset
Lol hawaiin
Zaab
Walgreens - asian section, Polly Ann ice cream, cereal bars
Saigon Pho - beef egg noodle
desayuno at El Farralito on 24th?
Royal Market & Bakery
King of Thai noodles - a ton, took the broth/some meat/and ordered more noodles for $1 to go
Amazing Fantasy - good rival to Green Apple bookstore
SF natural grocery - unique items, grabbed some delicious muesli cereal for cheap
Nijiya - THE Japanese grocery store. They have the freshest mochi!
SF Bistro Grill - burger, shake, sweet potato fries. They didn't ask me how I wanted the burger cooked and so I forgot to ask myself. It came well done. =(
Sakura - Stores like these make me envy the Sunset
Miyushi sushi and grill - marinated pieces of steak over rice with miso soup. Nothing special.
Burma Tea Leaf - nice decor, less crowded/busy than Burma Superstar a few blocks down. I ordered the tea leaf salad. The waitress nicely mixed everything for me but squeezed out way too much lime nearly killing the plate. It was interesting/good, but now I'm itching to try the real deal at Burma Superstar.
Kowloon Snack Cafe - H.K. waffles. It came with butter and peanut butter inside of it, and it was amazing. Only after moving to SF, living alone, did I discover that I loved peanut butter. I could eat a tablespoon straight. mmm

bella trattoria - spinach gnocchi
Kitchen Kura - bonbon chicken(?) and sakiyaki(?)
Sang Tung chinese - dry fried wet wings*
Curry Village - late lunch buffet*
Lucca's Deli - ?*
Underdogs Taco Shop*
Noriega Produce*
Line Tree - mmm, the curry that comes with Roti Pratha is banging'. I asked for more with my to go bag and they gave me two little cupfuls! Beef Rendang
Goorin Bros. - Great selection, fair prices

Pizza Place on Noriega
Bad. Maybe attributed because I ordered a slice. It must have been an old cheese slice with fresh basil thrown on top of it. It was greasy, but not the fun greasy. Just sadly greasy thin pizza. Bad Times

Kingdom of Dumpling
really well crafted dumplings, even better than most dum sum places as they make their batch of dumplings early and by the time you eat it, it's greasy. Cooked dumplings from Kingdom of Dumpling guarantees a fresh dumpling, don't be discouraged that it is frozen.

Half of it is kitchen full of nice mothers cooking (think of a Hardeez biscuit commercial). The other half contains gain freezers and a cashier.

Cafe Picaro
This was my first meal in San Francisco. It was pretty good, especially for the value. I had the salmon sandwich which came with [?]. The [?] was cold, I had to chug it down. The sandwich was decent, not memorable. Although I do remember it being a very unique experience. I hadn't had ? before, the restaurant was nicely decorated, and it felt great being there during the warm weather. Not bad at all, especially for $5.

A Foto Video Mail
I reached here late, so I was the only customer. The employee (owner?) was able to complete everything quickly. No problems. I even got some extra pictures for free!

Kamei
Holy crap. This place is huge for a specialty store. It felt like Home Depot, for kitchenware. All I wanted was a tea strainer, but there were so many to choose from! Great for most. Bad for indecisive me.

Tartine Bakery
I got here at around 1:00pm on the weekend, and there was a queue of people aligned along the building. Everyone was chatting joyfully; It was very San Fran-esque. The people it attracted were diverse--creative, hipsters, old, young, rich, not-as-rich. When I got inside, everyone had bowls of what seemed like coffee. I don't drink coffee, and it was still tempting. When the pastries came in sight, I wanted to order everything. I ordered the bread pudding. When the employee asked me which size, of course I ordered the large one.

The bread pudding is extremely good. [need more here] I wouldn't recommend ordering a large one for yourself though. It can become sickening, and it doesn't taste as great when it is cold.

Places like these make you forget the ghetto that is the Mission. As a foodie, I often think about living in the Mission. When I do, this experience always comes to mind.

HR
Saigon #1 - that pho place on newtown, have banh mi, egg noodle, huge menu!
aloha hawaiin bbq - ordered the combination bbq mix, all of the meats had the same marinade, so it wasn't special, it wasn't recently cooked/tender, half thai half hawaiin? want to try more

