10-11-2017

Such a long trip, simply getting from 台東 to 台北. It feels as if it’s been months of traveling, bumming at train stations, yet, it’s actually only been merely a week, or even less.

What did I do in 台東 that entire time? Struggle to survive? Chill when I had the chance? Well, I did have that busking idea, and beggging, but what else? Planning? Thinking? I don’t feel I had toooo many thoughts. Or, perhaps I did, but I just didn’t write ‘em down.

Some recent thoughts:
Much daydreaming of the smash pros, as I consumed many videos recently.

Still dreaming of getting to the factory. I want to just be there.

Life has changed recently, from natural to instrumental. I’m going to 台北 as a goal, an end, to get a job, to get money, to have a room, to get back to good friends. Contrarily, perhaps, going back to friends *is* natural.

台東 indeed is a terrible city, but, at least it didn’t have rainy weather as the northeast does, with its constant rain. Those two days of rain was depressing, leading me to watch SSBM videos. When the sun came out, I continued; I felt as if I had been working on a project for weeks, and finally, was done with that project, shifting my mind from that to the rest of the world. I thought, perhaps it’s the temperamental weather of cities, with its shifts from precipitation to sunshine to clouds and back that influences the bodies to buy convenient foodstuffs, drink coffee, stay in, do solitary work, as opposed to wandering, then, when the sun comes out, they go all out, far, spending money, completely imbalanced. In contrast, non-seasonal sunny places harbor more consistent lives, less influenced by weather, more thoughtful,  more conscious, perhaps less stressed, less instrumental, less hard-working.

The valley towns are just that: sleepy, warm, rural, towns. They were all about the same, with more nature in the center towns. The weather got worse as one ventured north, leading to rain in 花蓮. The mountains were clearly visible, close; the closest they’ve ever felt, almost like a backyard. One can ride a motorcycle perhaps 1 kilometer, and be at the base from many towns. The more rural towns felt like the rural area where Link starts from, with rice (and wheat?) fields terraced. Most of the towns simply have a single commercial strip; 玉里 being the only exception, feeling more like a town, or a really sleepy city.