1/18
After Sans Soleil:
Perhaps I have transformed into a lifeless state, having to use a film to inject life into me to cause the formations of thought.

Reading anything, like reading history is quite useless. Only a dictionary is needed so that I can match words to my own thoughts.
—

I had a long dream of arriving in Taiwan. On that same street I arrived on my first day in Taipei.

I stood at one end, crying. At the amount of life, and the things people shaped by it. I didn’t quite consume it, or become a part of it. I didn’t enter society, I just stood, like a past dweller whose come home.

Mandy came, in a nice dress. We talked. I told explained her everything. I said that I was just happy to be there. That I had an experience similar to a prison at my parent’s house. I first wrote, then I struggled because I had to stay for Dad’s business, then I just struggled from the sense deprivation over the long period of time. The suburbs are inhuman. Societies developed into failed ones. People aren’t machines. They weren’t supposed to be separated so far, from other people or nature. I didn’t feel right in New York, so I went home. At home, I didn’t want to be a part of that society, so I didn’t react to it. It was a realization that Taiwan was my home.

We walked down the street. I gave examples of history of materials and people. I asked a farmer if it was she from a certain village with three dogs. She said that’s her younger friend, and was happy at the compliment. I was affectionate with the use of my arms. She replied with body language and a nice smile. [missing examples]. We also saw the girl at the tea shop, the woman at the restaurant, and the dumpling guys.

Near the end of the street there was a cart of jewelry. I said that the designs from it matched an aboriginal’s tribe. I said that I thought it was silly that Taiwanese people feel that they lack identity. Their identity is all over the street materially and in the minds of the people. The street evoked my memories of places and people in Taiwan. I had more memories on that street than my own home. I created more memories while in cities and abroad over the span of four years than the previous twenty. Passing the street everyday made me think of Taiwan more. The more memories one creates in a place, the more it becomes home.

We sat facing the end of the street. I said most of all, I missed talking, and am likely talking too much. She said keep talking. I thanked her. I said talking is a creative act. Taiwanese people are very creative, but the output is spoken language, as opposed to materials. [missing more?]. Some guy came for Mandy. She hesitates, I said it’s fine. She left. She looked back once.