22-11-2017
A quick talk with Berta and Zubair when they are high. Probably not a good indicator of their intellect, but, at the least, a confirmation of their ideals.

They are children, along with Billy, and, most spiritual people. People who attach to childish concepts because their brains cannot handle complexity.

They do not think about what others think, as Taiwanese society does. Taiwanese society is constantly thinking about others, others lives, tolerating others’ individually.

They are selfish, similar to a middle-class suburban, building a home, doing whatever to make money in order / for the goal of staying at home, having food. There is no desire for politics, persuading others, interrupting others, changing others, changing society.

In the question, if one could be anywhere, where would one be; Berta chose the stereotypical paradise island and Zubair chose Sumatra, notably, solely for its untouched rainforest (much like the Amazon).

Neither care for or are interested in the culture of humans. No compassion, altruism, or egalitarianism (the emotional, practical, and political desire / care for equality, fairness, and care for others).

They are beach hippies. The kind of person who wants nothing more than living alone on a beach with their loved ones. They deny the rest of the world, of its people. They simply get money in order to live such a life. They’re more natural, but often hypocritical in their environmental ethics. They live off of society heavily without much conscious of it.

They don’t really care of the cultures they live in, their neighbors, their nationals; no one but themselves and their close friends. It creates an elitist group of narrow-minded, lonely dwellers, much like the British on the hills of India, or sub-urban dwellers in America: they get their commodities into their house, consume media, all is well. The rest of human experience is unconscious to them.

They have their narrow ways to live, due to their narrow concepts of what life consists of: a few ingredients, a few recipes, the idea of a house, the idea of a garden, etc. But they are inflexible. They don’t think of or imagine other ways to live: the infinite ways to live. They are steeped in capitalism and house-building. The every-day experience of cities, changing one’s mind, altering habits, thinking differently, living differently, is all impossible to them.

They often remind me of old people. An old couple. An old hippie couple. Confident in the way they live, as it is the only way they can conceptualize. Living like a real hippie, like Apple, or vagrants, is alien to them.

These aren’t the people I would want to work with, and therefore live with. I need the city hippie, The vagrant hippie. The ones that think at incredible speeds and do things by the hour. I need the Factory, and Babycastles. Or, my own place.