23-11-2017
Weather and Instrumental vs Natural Rationality

When I woke from the cold by the apex of the daylight's warmth, I didn't get out of the blanket. Instead, I sat, thinking, ideating, planning on a nearby iOS device of what to do during the day. It's un-natural.

The opposing way to wake-up is to let the sun wake one up, then, immediately get up wandering about, feeding the body's needs, then the mind's wants, all-the-while constantly interacting with the environment around. There are no tasks, therefore there are no to-do lists.

On the cold mountain, with the aid of geo-spatial technology (Google Maps), I was able to find exactly what I needed: groceries, gas, technical equipment. I skipped all of the environment in between the two points with personal transportation technology (motorcycle). These two technologies, the ability to see destinations and the ability to teleport to them, are the key ingredients to the instrumental mind.

Sub-urban people, Japanese-cultured people, people who spend much of their life in houses, all think this way. Their narrow minds are only able to organize what is in their own artificially organized space: their home. They create homes immediately because their minds are habituated to do so; To put a rug here, a plushie-toy there, create an exercise room here, create an office there. Their conception of a home immediately destroys the space they create homes in, to make a new home. Foreign ingredients are transported in, along with whatever furniture -- perhaps a Japanese-style toilet, an all steel kitchen, wooden floors, and other materials they desire. The environment is destroyed and then transported into homes because many human minds are habituated to live in a single way, a single culture, unable or without-desire to constantly create new ways to live with the different environments around them.

Human cultures, with their food-stuffs, other every-day life-materials, and material desires -- say a house with a marble floor, composes much of un-necessary environmental waste. Humans habituated to having certain foods, drinks, personal items (a certain type of lotion, a certain type of personal transportation, a certain type of house, a certain ideal environment to live in [on a mountain, on the beach]. All of it has an environmental cost.

It is only those who are able to live anywhere, eat anything, drink anything, locally -- basically those that desire less, are able to adapt, and are content with what's around -- that waste less, and, even, net more leisure-time, as they are not concerned with such unnecessary or trivial desires.

..

The minimum human needs -- whatever is required for a healthy body and mind -- is an ideal for society's individuals to achieve. People with a traveling-state of mind are often aware of this. A hot shower. A room without mosquitos. Not much more.

It's those house-making people that go way further than those simple needs.

Familial Care and An Equal Care for Everything (Altruism)
Furthermore, they fail to share or serve the public. They live with a family. They cook, clean, care only for their home. Everything out-side of the home is not cared for -- not the people nor the environment. When they cook, it is only either for theirselves or for their family. When a city restaurant cooks, it is for everyone. When they clean, it it only after their family. When a city-dweller cleans, they have a bit of conscious of their little space in city, maintaining a bit of cleanliness around it. When they care, it is only for their family. When the city-dweller cares, it is for the city.

I've always hated these types of people. What makes them be such a way? What makes them be the opposite of all that I care for: altruism, compassion? Money?

Is it money that transforms humans into capital-accumulating machines, forgetting those values that I care for?

Recently, in the cold, rainy mountains above Taipei during the winter, I too, became one of these people. But there is a vital difference: I am acting this way because I have absolutely no money. I have very few other options (hitch-hiking, begging, being deported). Once I do have money, I will get out of the dreaded house asap, and into a nice community, where all of the individuals of the community think and live with society, caring for each other [including the people out-side of the community].

.

Life will always be un-satisfying as long as I live with people who lack those traits that I admire, perhaps even consider necessary: compassion, altruism, passion. I must *live* with people with those traits. Live together. Aid society together. Living with people who lack those traits will create the desire and drive to get away from them.

And, to add beyond that, is natural rationality. Because instrumental altruism is not the right way either (thinking of Western social organizations for good). It is only those slow, naturally-moving, altruistic ones that are doing it right.