The sun was up for two days. On the first day I woke up a few hours earlier. On the second day, I woke up a few more hours earlier. The mosquitos reminded me that I was dehydrated during the cold.

The heat causes me to move. It is the force behind impulse. I want to do things. I want to get out, work, talk, socialize. I want to run around. I want to go to the city. I want to live.

Not just live, but to live quickly, impulsively. Do things continuously. Think continuously. Keep talking, networking.

The sun is life. The lack of it is not.

Humans were meant to be woken by the sun, moved by the heat, to think and act impulsively.

Much of (institutional) education create cold, slave habits in the minds of those who tolerate sitting through it. Unconscious of everything except what one is to pay attention to -- the meaningless teachings. Luckily, just by being together, some humans are able take the whole experience of life in, not just the lesson, actually learning something. But only few.

In this cold house on a mountain I've become instrumental, being forced to do everything on my own -- cook (fetch food-stuffs from the market), clean, use a computer to find work, use a motorcycle to get to places (to the shop to get internet), all without being able to see the world due to the constant cold and rain, with a focus on it  all, and nothing else. It's completely un-natural, like sub-urban America. It's not right.

In such weather, it's better to live in a city, being able to walk, able to interact with the environment, which then creates thoughts in one's mind. It's better (and more efficient, sustainable) to share with the food industry, eating freshly cooked food at buffet restaurants (in Taiwan and Asia), drinking freshly brewed tea at tea shops, riding public transportation for those rainy days, and riding bicycles or walking on clear days.

Living in nature only works if the weather is good. Other-wise, it is a repetitive lifestyle only suited to hippies that enjoy cooking, cleaning, taking care of their house and personal transportation, taking care of themselves. For other personality, whom think beyond these simple, traditional thoughts, it's feels like work. I'd rather work for money and pay the city to handle those mundane things. I thought most modern people did, but I'm now thinking it's just a matter of personality, as I've experienced certain kinds of people that prefer living in a house near nature (surfer / beach type hippes).

Their minds are extremely simple. Only able to organize a house. The city is too complex. The ability to put food together, maintain a house, is all their minds are able to comprehend. Any more material or people and they need to smoke a joint. They only feel home in their own house. They must create homely houses in order to live. Nomadic living, city living, community living, all are then impossible for them. They are house people. A single-family social unit.

In their life, they are only able to focus on their past interests, as they don't experience the city, or much beyond a single strand of beach. They aren't constantly experiencing and thinking about life as an active mind would. They are habituated to live like a house person, engaging in whatever their interests are: music, yoga, wage labour, etc. Those interests themselves extremely narrow and organized, such as genre music, generic spiritual exercises, and generic wage labour. Anything more radical, more deviant is unconscious.

They have no idea how human minds work. They do not even think of what other human minds think of. They do not deeply talk to people. They do not understand any culture beyond their own, and their own, they are even unconscious of. They are too focused on themselves. Their own interests, often of which is health.

They spend their lives choosing what food to eat, exercise (physical and mental), and obtaining natural items, without any time for anything else. In doing so, they are unconscious of the cost of riding personal transportation to fetch such natural items, unconscious of the lives of who make them or the process of the item getting to the market, or the history of technology that lead to the ability to get it, or the history of local development which carved roads into the mountain or beach they live in. Their minds aren't able to grasp anything beyond the appearance of being natural or healthy.

It's a high-consumption life-style, choosing healthy foods, as opposed to simply eating locally and sitting in the sun, as much of Taiwan and S.E. Asia does. The simplicity of body is lost, and in doing so, the complexity of mind is never born. They trade living "healthily" for thinking; their minds too busy focused on trying to live “healthily”.

Life can be simple, as walking, eating at buffet restaurants, drinking at tea shops, working perhaps one hour per day, thinking and doing whatever one desires the rest of that day.

I see no point in the lifestyles of these hippies. I'd rather be in a simple S.E. Asian city or small-town dweller, living simply, thinking madly.