Back to the beach shack in Tainan. Took a terribly boring series of roads to get here on my slow motorcycle. Luckily, no motorcycle problems. Just zero interest of the areas on the west side of Taiwan: repititon of built environment and people. No places or people of interest. Felt like a dirty, industrial ride. My face was black after it all, even with the scarf. I probably ate so much exhaust, neglecting to use my face mask out of laziness.

Taibei had really varying weather, even in the more comfortable and cleaner air of Xindian area. But, as soon as one goes into the city, it quickly becomes dirty and industrial. Not a place to live. I felt I could only live on my personal transportation or in a squat somewhere in a quiet patch of nature.

The weather was as so: hot and humid, and, when a storm comes, even more humid, until it’s over, the next day, when the sky clear is clear, air clean, cool, and weather beautiful. Then, again, it slowly becomes unbearably hot and humid again. That’s the cycle. The nights are another more comfortable period, somehow much less humid. Comepletely unlivable without technology: showers, dehumidifiers, and personal or public transport. The rain made me anxious, making me coop up in a library, or, sleep incomfortably anxious, humid under the outdoor furniture tarp I used as a blanket. Surely better than the cool and rainy winter, but, without a good home, constant showers, constant quenching and exercise, a rough place to be.

The good feeling begins out of taibei, perhaps where undevelopment opens up after Daxi. A much more livable feeling, just outside of the massive megalopolis. Again, it opens up further, with the dryer, more tolerable air somewhere near Miaoli, continuing south. Perhaps even, the most comfortable air. Comfortable throughout, until, I get to the stuffy city feeling again in Tainan, along with the humidity that seems to come from the coast, which opposes the norm of cooler, circulated air of a coast.

There were no country-side roads. Only the main roads. The only roads along the mountain-side are of a short distance and go back to the main road, and not in any simple scenic route way. The entire way consisted of repetitive main road development design pattern. Nothing desirable,

Even as it went into the mountains to a narrow valley, it feels the same, with mountains quite distant, or hiding being either clouds or pollution, without an easy way to get there.

Much of the land is taken, private property, industrial farms. It’s static. Rural, but just as useless as buildings. And, unlike Yilan, it’s patchy, unevenly developed,  so not doesn’t even feel good to be in.

The plains surely have industrial rice farms. A surprisingly large amount of them, from mountain to coast, out of the urban areas. The rural urban areas feel like those in Pingdong county: simple, with simple people, and alienating because of it,

Still, it feels much much better to be in a rural house, with amenities, fresh air, clear views, then in the urban areas. It’s like a suburban house. One must commute to the urban area to meet friends, interact with people, perform, do things. Otherwise, surely, one turns to media, and, a related thought thought of during that time: people must spend much of their time through digital expression.

So, totally a sane place to grow up, but, so is any well-furnished home, in or out of the city. Though, out of the city is far far less cultured.

Now, back in Tainan, I have zero interest in the city, even further than Taibei. The only interesting place is closed down. I have no interest in the farmers on the west side. I only care for the small farmers. The city has the same terrible feelings as any other city on the west.

Oh, that reminds me, Jiayi, may be one of the worst places possible. Perhaps a planned city, with giant six-lane roads, like Beijing, vacant, slow, land-locked. The market, though, is one of the largest and cheapest! Quite the heaven as a day-market lover. Also, much like Taizhong or Pingdong, the weather was far more comfortable, less humid. The big sister of Pingdong. Still, utterly ugly, especially in urban design. And, completely useless without a motorcycle.

Now, back to Tainan, again, I feel I must keep moving until I find a suitable, livable area. There is no reason to stay in this shack, even without money, even if I have food here. I must go to Taifeng, inform him of my non-plans, see if he has any ideas. I also need to get out of the shack anyway, as the landlord is an awful animal.

Again, the southern tip and east side seem to be the only answer. Yet, it’s all institutionalized, lacking work. Can I search for work using my iPad at Taifeng’s on the east side? Does it exist? I desire to go there, but it may lead to poverty again. What else can I do? I don’t feel good otherwise.

Perhaps some work exists, and I can spend the rest of the time looking for an ideal place to live on the east. I think, simply, near nature, as the farms are private property anyway. Just work, then construct. Construct my way out of poverty, construct a house, and construct a community.

All that is needed is the work.

After that, anything is possible. I can go to Taibei, busk, squat, start a squat community, etc. I could travel and busk the train station. I could buy a computer and begin computer work again. I can Kickstart. I can get back into art. I can get back into digital networking and building a federation for all anarchists.

But, I do need that work. First try hostels and schools. Second try 491. Third ask Taifeng for Tainan temporary gigs. Fourth try...

But even then, I still haven’t even really found a good spot on the east. The waterfalls are far. I didn’t see any easily accessible gorges. Tiehualu (and Dulan factory on the weekends) is the the only place to busk; the next closest spots are Hualian, Kending, Hengchun?, and maybe the train stations (though very unlikely to get money).

Also, I have to find a new place to live for the moment, in Tainan. Requirements: public library (or electric socket and water dispenser), peaceful and clean environment, some sort of covered area to sleep in. A beach gazebo! Explore the park above and the beach below.

So: 1. clean, laundry, and pack. 2. explore for next place to live. 3. inform Tainan people (can tell Taifeng first, and Lamen of the housing situation, and Simone of me being back, and Billy too?).

Keep money for gas. Use ginger tea for sugar / tea (can use cold water at library). No need to clean the shack, just pack and leave! Hang out at the family mart for the comfortable environment, or, find a good hi-life to hang out at (at night).

Continue east! Ask Hengchun hostels for work.

What Taiwan lacks are precisely institutions: places where people come together and work and cooperate. Instead, Taiwanese people tend to desire to do nothing, living alone, loathing the world. That is opposite of American institutions, which are optimistic, workful, healthy, happy. It’s nearly the opposite.

Time to get instrumental! Goals, goals, goals.