thoughts / feelings:
Antagonism; that’s what I’ve got for this wretched place.

I knew this city harbored lifeless people prior, but I didn’t plan to stay here, to get stuck here.

Some time ago I thought: people desire the city for sensible people, such as artists, to have a sense of community, verification of one’s actions, a shared feeling of progress. But the values and ethics of even those few people aren’t good enough, as one strives to live well — even the simple desire of environmental consciousness renders cities as an utterly unconscious environment; Thus, leaving the choice of leaving.

Where?: to nature of course.

And that’s where I messed up. One has to stick nature. Avoid all small towns, cities, human settlements. Those people are far worse, far more unconscious than city goers. They are the equivalent of American suburbs: entirely unconscious, un-social, fear-inhabited, habituated peoples. That’s what I’ve just encountered and recently have been dealing with.

It is only in sheer nature that one may stumble upon interesting people: hippies, aboriginals that still retain their natural cultures. The areas in-between harbor imbecile, exclusive, animal-level-intelligence, insolence. Someone once said, ~once you live there long enough, you may just become one of them: Bad cultures harbors bad cultures.

Cities feel great because one has friends in it, can share experiences, have a good time, despite the surrounding non-sense. There are still retainers of hope, hopeful cultures. They make life worth living for.

The areas in-between are hopeless. If you pass by a place that seems te be a place to pass by, pass by it. Urban areas built for scooters, border-towns, transportation hub towns, old commodity-producing places — factory-towns are all the worst places to be [in]. These kinds of people do not care about the environment, about any kind of progress. The people that live in these kinds of places are merely getting by as an animal. Their knowledge doesn’t exceed much further than their ability to do wage labor. There are no further desires in life. They are living. That is as far as their care goes.

I thought it could be merely a place to commute to for markets, groceries, necessities, and such. But now, I even question the morality of going to a place with such soulless people.

I miss the city, where energy mixes with business. At least there, people sell with soul. There’s a community. That creates community: Care is created with daily soulful interactions.

Living in a house and commuting for necessities is what creates soulless places. Both must co-exist together, side-by-side. Whether it’s in a completely self-sufficient single building, or a city, or otherwise. The components of life must co-exist with the people living.

Reliance on those life components is what allows their continual existence. (The soulless life-component-producing places.)

Go to nature. Order everything online (national organic markets, etc.), or, take a trip to a big city to fetch necessities from the good businesses. Avoid the soulless places altogether (sub-urban company shops).