
(*/5) Farming or tutoring nearby would be a way to at least pay for the hostel. Actually, any job is fine, as long as it is temporary. I don't mind, for the moment. It's neither meaningful or creative, but some work is helpful through convenience.

An easy way out is to just teach, but that goes against a lot of my ideals. 60000ntd is enough money for 6 months of rent though. Difficult to go against this. If there is a one to three month gig in Taipei, this may be the best way to go. (6) Check ESL websites and try, then can go around Taiwan as planned, then school, etc.

Ah, forgot about asking banks for loans. (7, try wifi, try from laptop?) Can ask Charles Schwab, but that means I would have to get a job much quicker rather than travel cheaply and slowly. Or, start the organization / Air BnB / food stall much quicker, which requires time to find a good apartment. Hmm. Could try food stall again, in Taipei. Could try tutoring and/or part-time teaching and just pay the loan off ASAP.

Eh, looking at teaching English, it sounds dreadful, and a trap, as I won't be engaged in Taiwan culture. I would be separated. The up point is that full time pays $2000 per month.

Perhaps it is better to just sell tea and food after all*, to stay independent. Shit. But then need to find an illegal spot, or a cheap legal one, which also takes a bit of time.

Farming is also better than teaching. I also thought about some more fun jobs: bicycle repair and motorcycle repair, coffee-maker, and something else. The first two skills are quite useful.

I checked the salary of Taiwan jobs on 104, it's terrible. I'd rather do these simple gigs in a city, or a small town for a short period of time, and slowly move back to the city. To get paid, one needs to work for a foreign company.

I thought about getting a gig in San Francisco or New York, cash out, and come back to Taiwan and begin independently living cheaply off of repairs, hospitality, and whatever other silly money making gigs. But that goes against my notion of landing in the place, making friends, and settling among them. SF and NY gigs are temporary. But perhaps that is because I am thinking of office gigs, and not more fun things like that hostel I saw, and community work. That kind of work would be excellent, and not sacrifice my time on unvalued things.

The best option is to actually just get out and go. Go south for warmth, camp near a library and beach. It's ok. As long as one is out, one can easily go to towns, find jobs, etc, it's a matter of getting out of Yilan, this cold and rainy place. To help me get out, I should hike and get a bit of sun at 10:30am, anywhere, not using scooter.

I thought about San Francisco again, but it seems they need current people to work permanently. Again, I don't quite look forward to that kind of work. It's takes time and life away, even if it is in a nice environment. It's much better to do a social job in a city with nice weather, say, San Diego, Hawaii, etc. Avoid programming in a big city, it's a total waste, not a method of gaining money fast. It's lifeless. Work at a hostel, art communities, schools, public jobs that take place outside; These are more flexible, fun, social, and allows me to see the bigger picture, have a sense of community, real people, without focusing on a computer all day.

But for now, in Taiwan, just go South and see what I get. Try to save enough money to go to New Zealand to farm and do other labor gigs.

https://expatessays.wordpress.com/2009/04/22/for-this-they-pay-me-30hr-job-hunting-in-new-zealand/
"I dropped off my CV everywhere, from toy stores to nightclubs.  But in the end, I decided to do the one thing I had vowed I would never do – teach English."

"Most days, I felt more like an actress (or a con artist) than a professor.  Some days, I felt like a complete ass."

Loans:
Dad
Wells Fargo credit line. Have an APR, quite high, 9-18%? Instant loan, depending on amount, and can then transfer to Schwab (3 days), then get cash. No worry about payments, but have APR.

Wells Fargo 0% APR credit card, but would need to pay minimum on time, and very likely, there is APR on cash advance, so have to purchase PayPal.
  - can use PayPal to make a purchase (3% commission) by creating another account. One with bank, one with credit card. These transfers would be done near instantly because it is credit.

Best option seems to be to use 0% APR card with PayPal, as it wastes the least money (no APR and possibility of no transfer fee, but likely 3% transfer fee)

The most convenient option is the credit line, taking only how much I need. (Todo: ask if it requires a minimum payments, also ask actual APR).

Owe:
黑麥子
60-80 章魚九（？）
  - 今天付錢嗎？
60 + 60 蝦子
  - 今天付錢嗎？
50 甜點?
  - 不太甜，好吃啊！
Total: 250

(1) 賣zoom z4n!!!! 不是我的綠影機！！跟mini rode mic
  - 今天