Thoughts:
Temp:
QGHEJ

tactical biopolitics
Profanations - MIT Press, humanities
Potentialities: Collected Essays in Philosophy
White City, Black City
Space in Mind

4/4
The house trap requires the following: a dwelling, cold, media. The cold influences one to stay inside. If one's exercise depends on walking, running, catching transport, then lack of exercise may occur. Being inside and lacking exercise, experience lessens, possibly to zilch. Only media is consumed, which trigger thoughts, but not experience (Hume's "impressions").
--

Perhaps in the past I relied on having people in the indoor workplace and apartment. I also relied on heavy exercise in the apartment, and films.

3/25
Things to keep in mind: urban planning, sensors, data, bicycles, trains, social problems, public spaces, MIT Media Lab, grants from government, progressive education, workshops, NGOs, social construction and art and design

3/24
Time for action, soon.

Experience is required before reading to argue reality. Reading about something one has no experience in is being dogmatic. But, then, how does one read? History or otherwise.

From a video of an author taking about his book, argues slaves were crucial to lead to capitalism, and even the inequality is not much different since then.

History is impossible to write. Though, Wikipedia does make it far more accurate. Wikipedianis the future. Every country should mirror the server.
--

The only way for people to be stable and not act upon the terrible things that go on in the world is to have an idealogy that lacks a great amount of knowledge. Many are aware but don't know what to do. Those that know, suffer, or suffer trying to understand.
--

For a long time I had an urban planning oriented philosophy. I felt that most problems would be solved if people simply lived closer together. Acting upon that, moving people closer, planning better neighborhoods, would fix it.

I've recently been thinking about the limit of human capacity. Humans can only understand so much during a point in time, and it depends on what they've been doing before that time. What one does over time changes a persons ideology. Though, one may not forget past ideologies.

While traveling, a person often has a very broad ideology, one that encompasses everything they have experienced -- of the living and immaterial, but is unlikely to organize information of something very specific at that time. The large range of information is then imbued into art, or simply a human language. The ability to put reality into art is the skill of an artist.



3/18
A month without thoughts? Is that possible? Habituation, depression, poor health, or a combination?

At least when people live in slums, there is a social aspect of the area. Slum-dwellers care for each other; they are just isolated from more developed societies, lacking wealth, especially in technology and services.

Slum-dwellers are intelligent but their knowledge is not directed, or affected by their physical health, or the struggle for survival.

Kendrick Lamar cares for his society, wants to stay at home, develop it. People in social societies -- Nepal, Southeast Asia, Taiwan, also care for each other, and because of that, they simply want to be a part of the development. They may go to other places in life, but they take the knowledge home -- they love their home too much. The people of the society have to be worth it. It is difficult to feel sympathy for people that live in the suburbs because the world's work goes into it, and they return nothing, simply following society, which happens to reside in an imperialistic state. Instead of coming home to develop it, one has to tell them to move to a better place, more dense, more social, which may be difficult to mobilize because they are comfortable, which is opposite of those in developing nations -- there, people are willing to move, do whatever to obtain a higher human development.
--

??
--
I had a long day dream of owning multiple public spaces. One for events, then for games (a board game parlor with bubble tea and a creative chef), then a factory that combined Hackerspace, FABlab, Parson's workshop, and access to nature.

Just the idea of having a space is enough for people to come.

In the dream, I also had a list of projects, some with grants attached, and leaders to lead them. Using consensus based decision making, projects were being created and taken.

Projects could be 3d printed helmets, protests, public objects, software for civil decision making and action, and other things that progress society. Many were granted money from government. Some from Western institutions.
--

But all of those things can only happen if I forget poorer economies.
--

Making the public playful, providing information of history and current society is a worthy endeavor.

2/10
The weather's warmth is causing my body to desire going outside, ignoring languages and screens. My body desires external stimuli; my mind desires to talk about those experiences.

The warm weather causes me to stay up late, eat more, do chores for a longer period of time. My production is at least doubled. Though, there's less thought, but only because I have no social outlet, nor language input. No creative outlet.

I feel alive, again, finally.

2/8
Terra sin pan / Las Hurdes - 1932
52 villages isolated by geography.

People stick to social groups via their village.

They are all indebted to the next, larger village.*

People do things according to Christianity, which must have been circulated

Kids learn algebra, yet die from basic things like starvation and water borne diseases.

Kids are taught not to touch others property*.

People die in transit from bees, griotes, and other diseases. Everyone has malaria because the rivers run dry.

The only foods they eat are potatoes and something else, and pig. But pigs are often eaten by wealthy people.

The tools they have must have been found.

Winter weather could destroy s years worth of farmeork. Technology vs nature.

Their profits are from honey (and hopefully other things), but the owners of the hives are of the larger neighboring village.

People are sick and dying. Others can't help, and have no knowledge to. The idea of bringing them to a larger village does not exist, nor does moving to a larger village. Again, the problem with people is that the get stuck in a single society, not physically moving, stuck due to habit.

Dwarfs and cretins are excluded from society.

Death is treated the same: buried at a cemetery, and many people attend or participate. Bell to alert village of a death.

Churches are he only luxury.

Wear clothes until they run out.

Film only took two months of observation and filming.

--
Overall gives conclusion / research of sociology and natural problems with it. The view of a scientist.

The people have no media, save the little from school. Perhaps some old newspapers. They must rely on oral language. All one needs to learn past a thought is a language, so one cannot know how much one knows. Anyone can learn, though it's quite difficult unless they have conversation with others, and eventually the person would have to keep talking and questioning, like a Socrates, making his or her way toward smarter people, with a thirst for knowledge through language.

It's also possible people just follow society blindly, without thinking most of the time.

It's also possible that brighter people are stuck in decision-making problems, without knowledge, unable to have a good schedule, especially with all of the physical problems.

Late Spring:
Very early on, the written culture of Japan is showing, from the credits, to the intro of males scribing.

Ladies use clothes sparingly, sewing moth-eaten clothes.

Nice to have someone to talk to while working.

Looks forward to playing games with friend after work, working faster.

Still, no simultaneous learning while working.

People barely talk! Culture or lack of intelligence back in that time? Seems culture as people are reading on the train. No different from their modern metro systems.

Hah, physical transpiration of manuscripts to the city.

Strong society expectations: remarriage as unclean, health, work.

Nature is a large part of life, biking, trains.

Parents generation values differ from modern, modern is more consumer, less self-control.

These people live happily because they only think of their family unit.* Not at one point do they think of others. Only marriage for their daughter, work, health, etc. Very old values, old society, similar to Indian society.

Also like Indian society, people honor whatever occupations are needed in current society, typists and stenographers are like IT of the past. And medicine and politics are surely honored. Their education is measured; no room for experimentation, pragmatic education.

Japan's society is everything that frightens me about Indian society. Their societies values are ancient, the least progressive.

2/3
Watching an old film directed my mind elsewhere, enabling me to think of other things, altering my focus. It feels great. I haven't been thinking for some time, trying to knockout my enormous to do list, unable to experience through media.

A quick Wikipedia of economy yielded Hardt and Negri again. My philosophy studies are coming together. I just need to read more Wikipedia.

Ideas: is there a way to combine all of the languages of Wikipedia? Realization: I only read the Wikipedia of English speakers.

People do things (take action), academics put light on it by recording it. For example, people play and make video games, but it wasn't taken seriously until very recently. In that way, there is a lot of unrecorded knowledge, or knowledge that is emphasized less, possibly not even having words yet to describe it -- that is how new knowledge comes about.
--

When people act in a less developed society, one with less media, they are more likely to act based on experience as opposed to dogmatism. The society is therefore more creative, and should be observed more to gain knowledge.
--

?/?
Are humans meant to build tools to enable society to live better?

2/10
Brian Wilson's creativity, organization, reminds me of myself when being creative. Need to watch documentary. He basically did what digital editing did 20 years later.

It remind me of an old thought: humans have a limit of how much they can organize in their mind. Most of society has their own society in their mind. But as one spends more time creating, organizing sounds, scenes, interactions, philosophy, life, one is unable to organize the reality of society. People need society to survive, yet need to be away from it for periods of time to not think about it and enable people to focus on specific things.

--
More daydreaming.

I had a long daydream of being a surgeon. During travels I gained civil engineering skills and did some projects, but after that, I went to National Taiwan University. I skipped the book classes by just reading the book and taking the standardized test. I then did two years there, while doing programming and art at night, and traveling around Taiwan on the weekends.

I

2/7
More tea and natural ambient music, and more daydreaming.

I had a long daydream of giving a speech of all that I've learned at Babycastles, starting with public spaces.

I sais Syed, Kunal, and Jon are like the three people on my shoulder I often go back to. What would Syed do, Kunal, What would Jon say?

In the past I had some accomplishments, and I intended to show how public spaces lead to them. I had created public spaces in developing societies, towns, villages, and they resulted in scientific innovations.

The first part was kind of my philosophy of human nature, creativity, and space. How people will continue to go along with society, thinking of many things, never acting them out. A space is needed for action. [there was a lot more here, but now I don't remember]. I told them is create a space, or in Syed's term "curate" a space. It's a space that existed by no one was using. All of them were free. It came to a point where I could just write the ideas: "free space to do anything" and people would come and do things. Then I showed the video. It included videos of public spaces I created from different towns of Southeast Asian countries. Miners and blacksmiths would create wild metal structures. Lumberjacks would extend the space to their needs. The working class, the craftsman created, innovated. In once society Falcons were used, so people crafts falcon accessories. I told the audience it was akin to an iPhone accesory. It sold out instantly and became a huge business. So people invented based on their societal needs. And it was natural. And it all started with a space.

Part two: materials, science, MIT.

My affinity for Southeast Asian societies:
At this point I came to where I mention using a little force to guide people toward science. I said I'm very hesitant when it comes to force. I think it's a powerful word. When Chomsky, Assange, anarchists and other post-politics people use the word force, I think in their conception of human nature and societies, they know of many bad consequences of what force may lead to.

You know, I kinda always had this affinity for southeast Asian societies. Once I left my parents house in the suburbs I did a little research on where to go next. My initial choice was Japan, but I figured I should make the country jump after the city jump. Then my first choice was Hawaii, second San Francisco. I'd check the stats on Wikipedia. What had more diversity of people? What had more sunlight hours? What led me to San Francisco was first job outlook. I wasn't sure if I'd get a programming job so easily in Hawaii, and at the time my mind was set on getting a programming job for money and exploring the city, or the world, really. San Francisco also seemed like a mix of a small town like city with nature and diversity, and it kind of is. So it didn't seem limiting when it came to creative communities, especially within technology and games.

After exploring San Francisco thoroughly, every neighborhood, I decided The Richmond, near 9th and Geary was optimal. It was near a Chinatown, and other Asian ethnicities restaurants, had cheap groceries, a homely feel, and had the best transportation, the 38 on Geary that goes through the entire city.

Chinatowns, whether economically feasible with cheap services and groceries, or just the nice streetlife, cheap snacks (dim sum), and polite auntes that sell it, have always been a kinda home in the city.

When I came to New York, I came with a friend, and that made finding housing infinitely more difficult. Or else, I would have surely lived in Sunset Park. Maybe a cousin of the Sunset in San Francisco.

Even though I didn't live in Chinatown, after a long day, I'd get off Canal St and get a pork bun, or dumplings. It's so simple, yet made me so happy.

After New York, I again had to decide New York versus some place else in the world. After some research i somehow chose Taiwan over Japan. Taiwan is everything I desired in society. What happened there I can't explain. So many ideas.

Back to the point of force, Southeast Asia, whether it's through Buddism, other similarly force less nonviolent religions, or genetics of Austroneaian peoples, or simple the environment of a self-sufficient island, the societies somehow result in generally passive, auntonomous, happy people.

I think that's kind of needed for people to develop fully. To not be forced by society, yet forcing oneself for a better society.

Perhaps instead of going to places out of curiosity, or ambition, it could be viewed as a me cowardly running away from force, from responsibility.

I always tend to get away from those two things. I don't want to own anything, nor have responsibility for it. Then I feel I can think more clearly. So perhaps running away to a force less society was natural.
--

2/6
The Killing Fields:
Starts with Voltaire quote.


--

Though I haven't written anything in some time, the mind is thinking, instead of actions, they are daydreams. Daydreams are ideas that are not acted, just imagined.

Today I had two. The one in the morning I forgot. The one in the car was about me taking Raymond and Dollyben on an inpromptu trip through Virginia's small towns. The first town was very communal. They got their own food from farms and serve them via farmer's markets. They create their own clothing including shoes. Food, shelter, and clothing. Isn't that all that's needed to make a community self-sufficient? We saw a bookstore and a few landmarks nearby where the writer of Batman conieved the idea of Batman, with real landmarks. There were a few more events I don't remember. We had an apple pie from a stop we made in the car. While walking around the neighborhoods to measure how the community was, I created a sign, written on it: applie pies for place to sleep. We found a nice mother to take us in. She had a house with a kitchen (looked like Dollyben's kitchen). They got along fine.

I talked a lot of about how the community was a good place to raise a child, not dissimilar to College Park. Even better because it is so bikeable, and self-sufficient, and have access to farmer's food.

The next day we went and explored another town. I think it was smaller, yet it had a bus system. I parked the car and we took buses everywhere (similar to Tainan). On the first bus there was a lady who liked the town more than New York. I talked to her to get a better sense of New York during the 70s. How racism still was big. And again how growing up in such a town is good until a late age, then one can decide to go elsewhere.

The next town -- I'm not sure how time worked, it's a dream -- was smaller, more natural. It felt like a good day trip, but not enough to live in. It reminded me of the town above the Golden Gate Bridge.

There was a shack sized diner next to an honeycrisp Apple farm, where I picked up some apples. The guy went to Hanpton Roads for three days, ten left because the traffic was too time-inefficient.

Later, on in a parallel daydream, we went to towns, but spent the night at religious places. First a church, then a sikh temple, then a Jain temple. Each time sleeping, waking up early to pray, and helping to cook and learn their recipes. Dollyben prayed for her Dad at the Sikh temple while I took a nap.

When Dollyben got home and threw a get together, I mentioned the idea of just creating a restaurant at home, putting up local signs, telling people to use Yelp. I told her of similar home-restaurants I experienced.
--

Like that dream I've been having these every morning after tea, every time I drive the car. My ideas are failing to become reality.



?
Brendon burn
Zack

8/21
The "show time" street performers perform to an absolutely dull crowd, no one responds, including me. New York's public is not more responsive than Taiwan's, it was just my perspective, or state of happiness.

8/20
美國人每天起床因為他們得去工作...

People in America wake up because they need to go to work on time to make money. Women from Southeast Asia wake up because they they care about the people around them, and want to socialize or be around them. A result of culture? The professor from human values lecture mentioned this as a con of post-modern society, that people don't value time with old wise men or house wives because they are not waged.

街的西班牙的吉他手對我真好。我覺得他的社會地位比較好。他勇敢。別的人不可能做一樣的辦法。人恐怕。

在工作外面，學校外面，我感覺比較勇敢，因為我感覺比較自由。



8/12
Apocalypse films (Matrix, Brazil) didn't effect me because they were just films, I didn't think about the philosophy of it. And many films, aesthetically sucked, so it didn't help (save Blade Runner and Brazil). Now I see the reality of it.


4388-5760-6746-8408
9/15
221 / 227
Rahil A Patel
Visa
Chase

Chase MileagePlus Club/Explorer/etc.?

24.254.206.28

45988