When I ate last night, I clearly ate too much and passed out shortly after. I don't quite even remember where. Ah, the nearby subway, a little cold, for an hour and a half. Then I was well awake to bike all night and continue cleaning my body well and sleeping at the handicap bathroom, late night, at about 3am or 4am.

Today, I woke up at around 7 or 8am, then continued to the school's social center to sleep. I slept until about 4pm. Perhaps I needed it.

What's happening is that I'm failing to live, failing to be creative, failing to think. Just living to get by, not influencing the world. Now, I am a nobody. All because of my economic situation? I don't think so. The same thing happened in San Francisco, perhaps both times. First time I had work, second time I had personal work. Both times, I was completely alienated from society. Just me and media, similar to now. Is it inevitable, or did I fail? Was it the economic problem of being broke that led me to seclude myself or did I do it myself? I think being broke pushed me outside of social spaces, which after becoming habituated to, conditions one to be a hermit. If I were living in a hostel in Taipei, it would not be the same. I would be social, and let those social experiences affect me. But because I am in an isolated environment, the handicap bathroom at NTU, akin to my apartments in San Francisco, my mind has organized the world into what the rest of the world organized it into: the contemporary culture. I have accepted the material make-up of the city. I do not think of it when I bike 5 kilometers across it. I do not think of what's ideals and how to change the current to be more like it. I do no think. To think, I almost need to communicate simultaneously. Whether at a hostel or through media. Communicating requires thinking. I need to watch some films, or, travel. Get out there. Into reality. But I am nonetheless restricted by being broke, and have a routine for the sake of maintaining health. Without it, well, it usually leads to mosquitos and thirst. The maintenance of the body during poverty is taking too much time, and it takes me away from social spaces, or spaces in which I communicate. Instead, I must bike quickly through so much space, without being able to take any of it in and react to it, naturally. The fact that I must go to the church, like work, destroys thought, just as it destroys my schedule and the input of space,

Todo:
1. Taiwan Star phone
  - 1.1 try another shop
  - 1.2 try another service person through 123
2. Finish Wells Fargo loan
2. List hostel numbers to call tomorrow vs Wells Fargo
3. Finish thoughts from 2009, 2010
3. Finish transcription of photos
Sleep early?

I must revert to consuming reality and films, not books. Philosophy is not an experience. Especially Western Philosophy. It is merely organization and categorization. What I did was no different from what Montaigne did. Now I must go into reality again, and have an experience.