Revolutions in Reverse: Essays on Politics, Violence, Art, and Imagination Highlights

0.1%: 
PROPOSITION I: Neither egoism nor altruism are natural urges; they are in fact arise in relation to one another and neither would be conceivable without the market
Note: *****

Heading: Copyright, 0.6%: 
Minor Compositions is a series of interventions & provocations drawing from autonomous politics, avant-garde aesthetics, and the revolutions of everyday life.

Heading: Copyright, 0.7%: 
Autonomedia

Heading: I: The Anti-Nuclear Movement, 12.2%: 
The Abalone Alliance lasted longer, until1985, in part because its strong core of anarcha-feminists
Note: **** the factory! :o

Heading: I: The Anti-Nuclear Movement, 12.7%: 
the medium-term goals were all reached almost immediately. The actions did delegitimize the very idea of nuclear power – raising public awareness to the point that when Three Mile Island melted down in 1979, it doomed the industry forever. While plans for Seabrook and Diablo Canyon might not have been cancelled, just about every other then-pending plan to build a nuclear reactor was, and no new ones have been proposed for a quarter century.

Heading: Part IV: On Revolution, 50.8%: 
What is this but an elegant statement of the logic of direct action: the defiant insistence on acting as if one is already free? The obvious question is how it can contribute to an overall strategy, one that should lead to a cumulative movement towards a world without states and capitalism. Here, no one is completely sure.

Heading: Conclusion, 57.7%: 
many who get drawn into the politics of direct action experience a constant alteration of exaltation and burn-out, moments where everything seems possible alternating with moments where nothing does. In other parts of the world, autonomy is much easier to achieve, but at the cost of isolation or almost complete absence of resources. How to create alliances between different zones of possibility is a fundamental problem.
Note: ***

Heading: Army of Altruists, 59.7%: 
America’s great contribution to the world in the latter respect has been the development of “rational choice” theories, which proceed from the assumption that all human behavior can be understood as a matter of economic calculation, of rational actors trying to get as much as possible out of any given situation with the least cost to themselves.

Heading: Army of Altruists, 60.8%: 
How many youthful idealists throughout history have managed to finally come to terms with a world based on selfishness and greed the moment they start a family? If one were to assume altruism were the primary human motivation, this would make perfect sense: The only way they can convince themselves to abandon their desire to do right by the world as a whole is to substitute an even more powerful desire do right by their children.
Note: *****

Heading: PROPOSITION II: The political right has always tried to enhance this division, and thus claim to be, 62.7%: 
Nowadays, the work of destroying such ways of life is largely left to missionaries – representatives of those very world religions that originally sprung up in reaction to the market long ago. Missionaries, of course, are out to save souls; but this rarely interpret this to mean their role is simply to teach people to accept God and be more altruistic. Almost invariably, they end up trying to convince people to be more selfish, and more altruistic, at the same time. On the one hand, they set out to teach the “natives” proper work discipline, and try to get them involved with buying and selling products on the market, so as to better their material lot. At the same time, they explain to them that ultimately, material things are unimportant, and lecture on the value of the higher things, such as selfless devotion to others.
Note: ****

Heading: PROPOSITION III: The real problem of the American left is that while it does try in certain ways to, 64.9%: 
The real problem of the american left is that while it does try in certain ways to efface the division between egoism and altruism, value and values, it largely does so for its own children . This has allowed the right to paradoxically represent itself as the champions of the working class .

Heading: PROPOSITION III: The real problem of the American left is that while it does try in certain ways to, 67.9%: 
If that mechanic’s son – or daughter – wishes to pursue something higher, more noble, for a career, what options does she really have? Likely just two. She can seek employment with her local church, which is hard to get. Or she can join the Army.
This is, of course, the secret of nobility. To be noble is to be generous, high-minded, altruistic, to pursue higher forms of value. But it is also to be able to do so because one does not really have to think too much about money.

Heading: PROPOSITION III: The real problem of the American left is that while it does try in certain ways to, 68.2%: 
Campus radicals set out to create a new society that destroyed the distinction between egoism and altruism, value and values. It did not work out, but they were, effectively, offered a kind of compensation: the privilege to use the university system to create lives that did so, in their own little way, to be supported in one’s material needs while pursuing virtue, truth, and beauty, and above all, to pass that privilege on to their own children. One cannot blame them for accepting the offer. But neither can one blame the rest of the country for resenting the hell out of them.

Heading: PROPOSITION III: The real problem of the American left is that while it does try in certain ways to, 68.4%: 
As I always tell activists engaged in the peace movement and counter-recruitment campaigns: why do working class kids join the Army anyway? Because like any teenager, they want to escape the world of tedious work and meaningless consumerism, to live a life of adventure and camaraderie in which they believe they are doing something genuinely noble. They join the Army because they want to be like you.

Heading: What happened, 74.3%: 
This does seem strangely arbitrary. Still, I suspect there is a reason. We might ask: what does the moment of Futurism, Dada, Constructivism and the rest, and French ’68 thought, have in common? Actually quite a lot. Each corresponded to a moment of revolution: to adopt Immanuel Wallerstein’s terminology, the world revolution of 1917 in one case, and the world revolution of 1968 in the other. Each witnessed an explosion of creativity in which a longstanding European artistic or intellectual Grand Tradition effectively reached the limits of its radical possibilities. That is to say, they marked the last moment at which it was possible to plausibly claim that breaking all the rules – whether violating artistic conventions, or shattering philosophical assumptions – was itself, necessarily, a subversive political act as well.

Heading: About the concept of immaterial labor, 74.8%: 
theatrical performances designed to incite riots

Heading: About the concept of immaterial labor, 74.8%: 
gallery shows in which the public was handed hammers and invited to destroy any piece they took a disfancy to

Heading: About the concept of immaterial labor, 75.6%: 
If nothing else this would explain the obsessive-compulsive quality of the constant return to such heroic moments. It is, ultimately, a subtle form of conservatism – or, perhaps one should say conservative radicalism

