[from a very old temp.txt, itself likely from some older source]
Self motivation/improvement:
Take the time to explain/teach others (especially family/friends) things

Tell Sweta to figure things out, problem solve on her own

Does dad just go through endless todo lists without creativity?

Bear has a hospital bill of 80,000 just for being in the hospital for two weeks. Money is worthless.

It’s now pretty easy to draw a line between the smart, well-rounded people and the rest. The subrb mentality versus individuality. It’s clear to see why my closest friends became my closest friends.

It’s sad to see such a smart and well rounded person not reach their potential due to family or suburb. (Sheetal, Dad, Shila, Dollyben)

The house is no place for creativity. Too much distraction. Need a workplace to isolate myself. My working personality.

Genes are mostly responsible. A smart kid will make it out of a bad environment.

Notice my weakenesses and work on them.

I should try to learn more about other personality types. Learn their strengths and weakenesses.

The size of the media does make a difference. Playing a game in a public space on a giant projector with surround sound is different than on your tiny laptop screen at home.

I like the personalities that Kunal and Syed have. They get stuff done. Maybe nothing great, but they’re always doing something. Sometimes I over research or over organize, getting nothing done. It’s a good balance. I should lead them.

Just keep making stuff at this point. It doesn’t have to be the greatest. Naturally skills in making things wil increase, building confidence, being able to build larger things later.

Thoughts from filming with Zack:
It doesn’t have to be perfect, just do it. It took no time to find the area, two to five takes, different angles, shot at whatever looks cool. Deal with any problems that come along.

You just have to do it. There is no pefect time. Wake up, do it, and move on.

Intern vs Independent. Indie.

Short flim vs documentary vs cinema verite vs feature

Bum short documentary

Think of short film ideas. Can be anything—short doc, experimental, whatever.

I much prefer a documentary style of filmmaking. Or at least living in the same area, using local people, getting the feeling of the environment.

But before that I need to make some films!

Instead of commercial contests, find experiemental film contests.

Think of script ideas!!! FUN. Can be super creative. Use tricks.

Colin. “Somebody has to be the producer or else nothing will get done.”

Proverbs from the Chinese film maker at B&H:
The camera doesn’t matter, it’s the person using it. Without lighting and sound, the film will be bad.
No video camera under $2000 is worht getting. Save money and buy the right camera. Focusing is difficult, that’s why the focus puller position exists. People think they can make films with a DSLR but once their video is on a large monitor, it is actually out of focus, shaky, bad lighting, thinking the camera does everything for them.

Old lens vs new - same or better optical quality