Notes 2




Films that make you constantly question and think about what is going on are great.

I just had to sit down. The city is destroying me. I need to talk to people.

Bus around Tokyo districts. Travel. Talk to people.

Print everything for Tuesday.

Find smashers, game developers, filmmakers.

Kim Ki Duk's Samaria was incredible. Watching such great works makes me question what I am doing in life.

In the past, whenever I watched a great film, I worked harder, my ambitions grew, it cleared my head of all of the silly small things, like a good scooter ride. It kept me in direction, and that direction is creating great films. But isn't that because I'm consuming it? Copying. Creating what I'm consuming. That's wrong, isn't it? Is it right to copy something you love?

I love Babycastles and the Brooklyn scene, I wouldn't mind copying them. I love Samaria, Melacholia, Enter the Void, I wouldn't mind copying them. They're great.

Is it possible to strive toward something great while living such a balanced life? Life needs tension. Fine art provides this without real life. Without the time and money of going to the slums of India.

Finish up Japan and move on the Taiwan to create great things. Fuck this language bullshit, focus on the real motivations: film, new media, game. And do it in a strategic way.

"I want a few audiences, who have been hurt and worried about life, living, agony and grief, to see my movies."

Don't rush, just live? Well, move at a Seoul pace, with friends!


... See to notebook.txt

If you ever feel that you are going through the past, not calling, not creating, then get the fuck out of the house. Take a bus to nowhere. Walk around the neighborhood. Learn to take breaks.

Audio tapes slowly unwinds slowly above a beautiful pillar, when the unwinding ends, it winds and plays, revealing the audio track, and the fact that sound was playing the entire time. A very Braid feel.

Saturday 3pm attic gallery
Sunday 5:30pm

Focus on own work. Fuck everyone else. Work at a cafe or bar to be social and make money, nearby, or commute via scooter or bike. Work on U.S. programming contracts for money. Humans, videos, contact people, take on projects for money.

Start videos for festivals. Just keep creating. Fuck the rest. Live in a residential area to feel free. See Beitou. 

Contact everyone know in Taiwan!

Live in traditional area, work in city, as I did in San Francisco and New York.

Consume more locally. You were into games in New York because that is what you consumed. In Taiwan, there are no games. Consume Taiwan -- life, travel, people. Do something with that.

Walk outside everyday. Live more. Sleep well. Don't overwork. Work at a cafe to stay alive. Keep Humans project alive! Make friends. Work with people. Travel. Sit outside.

0963-416-478

Do I want to be a normal member of society, or should I be my hermit self, ignoring the world?

I ignored everyone in Hampton Roads, why should I spend time with people in Taipei? Unless it's a small town feel.

Avoid tea, coffee, and whatever else? It makes me too social, unable to concentrate.

Focus on art: film studio, humans, Vincent moon, etc. Stop going out for social situations. Explore instead.

Be social to keep speed to life.

Explore outer Taipei.

Todo:
Driver's license
Check max date credit card and amazon shipment, inform Dad
Call home Sunday night

Yonghe, shi-da, banqiao, wanfang

Books.tw

10/5
Transforming into my former hard-working self. Need to relax, stay outside, be social, work at a cafe or school, freelance art and programming.

No! Don't be so anti-social. Talk to people on a daily basis. It's how you keep track of time.

Goal today. Determine the best places to live. Are the neighborhoods any different? Does it matter?

Take pictures of humans.

Night: apartment hunt online. Determine distance between school.

Find something quickly that's at least cheaper than the hostel.

Late night: programming, emails, freelance Taiwan, becoming?

Get a scooter. Buses are a waste of time.

Teach at a nearby school, work at a nearby cafe, be social, stay outside, be creative as you were while traveling.

Humans. Wait in a public place and ask people questions. That's the key. Just wait.

Be quick like the guy form Toronto.

Language study, call people, travel / eat.

10/6
Yesterday and Today, I feel great, relaxed. A direction was chosen. The problem of last week was indecision.

I still feel extremely restless very morning, but learning languages, talking to people, walking outside, eases it.

I can't wait to find an apartment, get a scooter, make things. Still, I have to be careful of time. The other classmates have already found an apartment!

Today:
1. Humans
請問記者點 - 一個星期
2. 一小時 apartment hunt
7pm begin hunting on Internet, call them, learn chinese characters, try talking. Research areas online. Day markets like tonghua. Residential areas like tonghua and shida.
10pm research Taiwan musicians, performances all around Taiwan?
11pm contact studios, set dates to meet, ask for work, collaboration, festivals, exhibitions

十二 睡覺

Plan tomorrow by the hour

Zhaopien
Zhaoxiang

要translations的台灣的人的questions.

機車：
一。 問皮電話號碼數字。上十二。
二。 叫醒機車店
三。 機車一個星期
四。 

Monday:

Day:
Can scooter and travel later? Would lose local connections. Whatever, taipei is small! Make friends all over Taipei.

Night:
Create deadline for doodle tangle
  - release a quick version, forget about art and features. Polish and release.
 - playtest at hostel

Tuesday:
See day markets and residential areas, go to exhibition, night?

Wednesday: explore, travel, find apartment in favorite places



Everything can be done locally. The neighborhood is very important. The more traditional, the better. No commute. Just walk outside. It's beautiful.


Wanhua
Transform from what new experiences I can have to directional work, balanced with social life, hopefully.

Contact these people, tonight,  ask to meet, go to studio, ask how they started, ask for work, then ask how they created the studio. Get a digital agency.

Do the same for film.

Ask to playtest Crystal Brawl at studio. Ask for controller thing.

Morning read book, night go over characters and vocabulary.



Stay on top, yet interact with local people.

Meet film people.

Today I felt on top of the world. No deadline. Nothing needed to be done. No stress. Worry free life. Is that what I need for art? Is that why India did not work? Was it too emotional for me? Consuming without creating?

Use google maps to see taipei?

Need to stop wandering and keep social contacts!

As and the feeling is kinda gone. What time I wasted!

Fuck. Wasted more time. Need to control myself. 8 hour workdays, including cafe and tutor.

I need to control my time. That's my greatest problem. Follow the plan.bless wanderlust.

10/7
Take time to sleep, think creatively, then make a move. But make decisions quick! Keep living.

Find any apartment or explore?

It's possible to have fun and learn, even effective.

Spanish: watch tv, get book, skip through, use flash card application.

French: watch tv, get book, skip through, use flash card application.

Learning a language requires routine. There's no way around it.

Language exchange, find someone to meet, bring questions.

Wednesday night DaDa school.

I have no idea of what life is. Should I care for the less fortunate? Innovate? Live happily in a third world country? It seems all I can do is live. Spend less time in indecision and do as much as I can, while still taking the time to design and plan.


Bike until night. Find all old neighborhoods and day markets*****. Remember, taipei is small. It doesn't take long to scooter anywhere or even bus or MRT and bicycle.

Map studio locations. Create a map for them.

Day market areas? Google streets.

Daan, shida? 

Tuesday see exhibition.

Apartment location is very important to me. I want to work locally.

Nap anywhere anytime. But try to stay up during the day, to do work with people.

Schedule yourself

Find 14 digit number on 

Saturday mandarin conversation at CCU.

4835039655

Don't worry about money. Freelance programming! Focus time on learning, work, and travel.

Ask studios for a place to live.

Plan less, do more? Need more projects! Need more life!

Kymco - 大店。 他不有五十cc。

Call people to get shit done.

我不喜歡commuting in Taipei, or, I'm being indecisive again, as usual. I need to calm down, stay in my neighborhood, make stuff. Work more, walk less.

I'm missing out on so much life.

Create stickies of humans, Vincent moon, edward yang, babycastles, languages, and calavino at home and at my workplace.

Power generator, food cart, projector.

Keep exploring, keep taking on new projects, keep talking to people, keep enjoying life.

MingYong is so fast.

10/8
Consuming the things around me as opposed to something specific. Have to learn when to consume around and specific. Time self.

Two hours in bed or in library or outside in park.

Just being in a room of people practicing the same level of language helps, as it is progressive and comprehensive.

Should learn radicals before larger vocabulary. Always know the smaller characters.

The school is a perfect learning environment, but a poor creative one. One had to balance school, work, and life. Maybe.

Plan day in the morning.


Today:
2. Find traditional market
  - weekends? Early morning?
3. Go to area
4. Humans
5. Before 6:30, Museum before closing*

Ask people in Facebook to rent a scooter for a week.

Tonight: 
Find and create business cards
  - draw camera, Taiwanren

Tomorrow: atm, withdraw funds, national museum? Can go anytime, go later. Focus on humans 2 hours per day.

Stick to routines to get work done!

Weekend:
Explore taipei day markets
See livable places

Priority:
Find apartment
Find work
Learn mandarin, French, Spanish

Nearby cafe
Nearby muy thai or martial arts

02-2881-2021

Say no to FB. Use real camera. Get business card.

Tips for humans:
See weather. Make route. Go while feeling good. Take a light bag. Focus on interesting people to get interesting stories. Vary people - age, diversity. Ask them to get in the middle of a street. Take time to take the photo.

Print or write this down somewhere.

Spend more time with people. The last two days were very lonely.

Work from morning to 6pm. Forget about food and work. Have fun at night.

Never take a blunt office job again.

Do more! Keep living it up!

10/9
I didn't do much today. My brain was slow. Social life stopped after 6pm. I slept in an air conditioned library and computered a little. I accomplished nothing. Caffeine withdrawal? At least when I have caffiene, I'm fighting for life, doing something. Without it, I have no social energy or interest.

I need to maintain one of he following to stay active: social life and excitement, caffiene, or exercise.

There was so much time in a day. What the fuck happened to it today? I need to consume more of the world around me. I was ignoring too much. If I ignore the world, I can always watch a film, but I failed to do that. I just went through the day, meaningless.

After taking a nap, one should do something social.

Difficult to live and create simultaneously. Study hard at night. All phrases, vocab, writing, listening.

I'm waking up without reason, creativity. I really miss that. I'm unable to balance life and work. It distracts me from my personal direction. My motivation.

Learning a language without a motivation is really difficult. I need reason to talk to people, not just for the sake of practicing.

Dont let anyone take you in the wrong direction. You don't have to spend time learning chinese with classmates if it doesn't motivate you. Learn it in your own way. It's more fun, more serious, much more interesting, in my view. See the beauty in the world.

Being with people, I lose interest in people, and I lose creativity.

Remember, you don't have to do anything. It's up to you. It's okay to sleep, explore, in fact, it's necessary.

I should be social about things I love. That's why babycastles worked. They were people with similar interests. I need to hang with people with similar interests, or, completely foreign people that no one knows.

Use 30 minutes of memrise in the morning and evening for each language. Watch some TV. No, that's unsocial. Spend time with people. Get a professional or social job. Fuck the library.

Never overwork yourself.

North Korea, documentary

10/10
I question the study of a language. I am not a social person. I often see time of being social as a waste. It's life, it's fun, I remember it, but my brain is off. I'd rather be social with people I share work with.

The younger crowd in my class consume pop media, work at cafes and bars. I don't want to be a part of that. I needed some social time because I've been traveling so much, but they don't have to be long term friends. I need to create my own close friends. People with taste, intelligence, ambition. Life is great, but it's not enough for me.

Learn the language as fast as possible and focus the rest of time on personal work. The time to work is now.

The amount of words they learned by being social in 4 hours is equal to 5 minutes of study time.

Yet, they all have apartments, friends, boyfriends/girlfriends.

Change notes to Chinese! Be more like Mingyong.

Quit the class in four weeks. Start a new media company or film company. Stick to your goals. Fuck Chinese and classmates. You could have traveled the Phillipines in the meantime. Work big, travel big.

Finish and release Doodle Tangle. Work on humans professionally. Work on Vincent Moon professionally. Work in a professional studio.

Stick to high art and professional work, yet live locally, for inspiration.*****

Consume locally, or great art. Be social with an intelligent crowd. But don't be snobbish to others.

Maybe I've lived too much life while traveling. Maybe I can go back to babycastles and be social with them, instead of just thinking about work.

I need a Babycastles in Taiwan. I need to get away from ADD influences.

I need a better social output. Perhaps a cafe or bar? For Chinese practice?

Kim Ki Duk's films barely have any words. Language is unnecessary.

You have to be more calm. At least more calm then your classmates. Watch great films, walk outside, exercise.

Priorities:
Move into an apartment
  - look at day markets in Taiwan, 菜市場 
Work at a new media studio
Start own new media studio, start by freelancing

Give in to capitalism? Only for a moment. Go back to high art ASAP. Open a hostel afterwards. This is your last job.

Tomorrow: capital one, call home, museum, wanhua,

Areas to live: tonghua, yongkang, wanhua, shida

1. Wanhua
2. Contact all studios. Bonus: ask favorite neighborhood.
2. Craigslist, the site from mama, 591
3. Research Forumosa
4. Google every day market
5. See Wikipedia do each district

Take a break from study. Relax. Stay outside. Move at your own pace and direction. Sleep on time?

10/10
Consumption is perspective.

Prioritize time! Do as much as you can in one day, simultaneously thinking about art, life, and people. Live by the hour.

Really want scooter for sunny days. Really need to stop the class and study on my own time. Being social with classmates is a waste of time. Be social in class.

Ask forumosa? Rent scooter from Jeremy until I can by a scooter.

Talk to people!

Worry less about money, work, freelance, scooter on the weekends, scooter commute.

Ask Vanessa about apartment.

Ask becoming.

Focus and inspiration.

Chinese, French, Spanish. Nothing else.

I'm alone again, wondering the city. It's hot, I overeat. It doesn't feel as if I am in another country. There's a large department store. I don't like it. Is rather be near Tonghua than here. Or, if I'm here, I'd spend time outside. Outside of Taipei. There's too much going on. I'd have to find a quiet park to sit at.

I need to do more work. All that time in San Francisco I did nothing. Nothing at all. I didn't have any friends. I just worked and watched films. I don't want to do that again. I need to keep going out, working with people.

Too much time without being social.

Contact people tonight. New media studios, musicians, performances, etc.

Explore Taipei and Humans. One area per day. Limit self to two hours. Treat it as work, not travel. Focus! Less exploring, more work.

Remember: you have work to do!

Create a website for it? Buy business cards.

After two hours of not talking to anyone I feel mute. No social life or media to keep my pace.

Just sit. People will come to you. Walk at a leisurely pace.

This guy likes Americans and google imaged Americans with large penises. Then he have me a peach. Hou chi.

Way too much time was spent alone today, without work. It's terrible.

Use google voice!

I'm in dire need of social time now. Or work.

I failed to talk to people for the purpose of humans. It was a waste of time. Wanderlust in the city. No social time. No work. No learning. Like the weekends in San Francisco. I need routine. A moment of a schizoid. This only happens when I am alone, otherwise I'm quick, watching time. In that moment in Wenhua, I was stuck. An extreme care for bums and lower class people. Hesitant of communicating with them. The humans project is a psychological battle.

Focus on work and social life. High art, professional work, and social time.

Stay in Daan. Explore other areas? Nah, focus on work. Just live.

You need to stop moving. Contact people. Call people. Stick to the plan.

Apartment
Language study
New media studio gig
Film gig
Cafe or bar gig
Humans
Vincent Moon
Tutoring gig

I think it was simply the heat that drove me insane. I need to stay focused, even in the heat. Buy a cheap cap. Find my safari hat. Take water. Avoid eating.

I have no idea what life is anymore. You have to keep fighting for time, fighting for life, life, work, family, all of it.

Life goal: get money, start stable businesses, live.

I'm quite scared of working. I think I just need friends to work with. That's all. I'm thinking too negative right now.

You have to enjoy life at every moment. Don't worry so much. Keep living. I can feel the worry of money seeping in. I need to get a low cost apartment, work at social relaxed places. If I am alone, I will drive myself insane. Don't worry Rahil. Be happy. Tutor English. Work at a cafe or bar. Take classes. Work in between. Live more, work less. Think creatively all of the time.

I hate doing anything alone.

It's not that I need work, I just need to be with people! I need to make decisions more quickly. I need to be like my classmates, yet do grander work.

It's the indecision that kills me. Apartment hunting. Fucking indecision. Just keep on living!

I think with a cafe job I would be more calm, happy. Live more, worry less.

I don't want to be alone again. Keep talking to people!

Be happy while apartment hunting. Stop worrying you idiot! :) Call and look as many as you can in the next 4 days.

Still haven't learned how to live and work simultaneously.

10/11
The motivation to learn chinese is lost. I'm not consuming enough. Depression sets in. I'm thinking at 1/4th of the speed. I need friends with similar interests as soon as possible. Until then, I need to rely telecommunication and local friends.

To mandarin. HSK pleco. Just have to study the elementary stuff for one hour per day. Review using memrise and pleco, HSK. Practice writing HSK.

Travel film gigs?

Taiwanese roommates, a common room, and air conditioning are most important.

Sunday apartment.

Find bulletin board.

Go out every night? How about one or two social hours.

Buy portable chopsticks at the day market!

1. Find apartment.
2. Schedule life and work. 1 hour per task.

Sleep more! Work less at night!

It is good to have priorities of social things, like learning language, humans, and Vincent Moon. I feel it provides a more relaxed, yet productive lifestyle. I overwork myself.

Try Tsui Mama, daan district, old neighborhoods. Use google maps to explore some more.

Cross out Jonay.

Photograph the entire city. :)

10/12
Being too picky about apartment. Too indecisive. Does it matter that much? I think so.

Should I sleep more, stay outside more? Time goes by slower if I do. Well not really. I need to constantly talk to people.

My bane: Unable to make meaningful social interactions with lower class people while living a higher class one. Extreme care? So powerful that it stops me for hours.

I need to defeat this somehow. Spend more time outside, work outside, worry less, live more.

A hostel or NGO would be fun. It's closer to life than new media, and involves interaction with people.

Surround self with elementary mandarin for an hour per day. Study. Go to library for story time, or watch cartoons.*****

I need professional peers. I can't convince others to join me.

So much time wasted in wanderlust? Or so much time spent on life? Not enough time spent socially!

Avoid social norms again. Hang out with local people and professionals, not the people in between? Like the people I met in Darjeeling. They were quality people. Or, I'm just being negative again.

Could take shit apartment for 5500 or 8500. Relax. Give it 3 days.

Tonghua makes me so happy.

Asians are missing the social part of life. The fun. They're too library / office oriented.

2:30-4:00 library stories

Google elementary classes, story books.

Call all studios on either Monday or Tuesday. Don't ever sit in a library without reason.

Not enough interaction today. An antisocial day. Go to shida.

Call places (tutor, cafe) on Sunday? Or list to call for Monday? When do studios close? Call studios.

Find a modern and quick cafe or bar. Begin new media studio.

Avoid libraries as you can't talk to people. Get enough sleep!

Organize temp text file, apartment hunt, all four websites, by date, in order. List everything to call for tomorrow. Watch a movie tonight (late night). Find real estate agent. Ask hostel staff for help calling tomorrow. Then just stay up to date.

Sleep when needed! Never skimp on sleep.

Interaction is what keeps you going through the day, consuming more.

Humans and game development everyday. Stay outside.

To travel, consume, all you have to do is to outside. Don't treat life as work. Treat it as talking, learning, and living!

Do things by the hour. Take breaks. Be social. I was stressing the apartment hunt too much.

10/13
I did nothing in India. On sunny days I just wandered about. I need to stay creative, gritty, seeking fine art, not giving in to laze.

So much time wasted doing nothing on beautiful days. It's okay, but I should be leaning and creating on work days!

Work and create, be social, travel. Do it all simultaneously. You need some routine.

Worked hard last two nights, so today my mind is at ease and feels like traveling, consuming.

人的台灣：
只說。 use Google translate。

生：
聽電話（radio？）

the goal is to 有好朋友. To spend 時間with.

Tell人我是印度（indu?)

我need人福建（near）me in order for me to do work. Or I need to be alone, in a traditional area.

No, Sunday is just a lazy day. Don't worry, you'll do more when things get hectic.

Find video from nepal.

I'm not consuming fast enough when I am alone. I need to surround myself with working people, or else I'll get lazy. I need to be in a crazy part of a city, to keep me thinking, or else I'll dwell on unnecessary things.

Perhaps I should live alone in a shitty room in Tonghua.

I need to constantly surround myself with people or else I become lazy.

I need friends to go out with, or I should travel.

10/13

Create coworking spaces.

I need to create a social network in Taiwan. Go out everyday.

STAY OUTSIDE. FILM. Keep contacting people, work, freelance, photo, film, program at night.

With a hostel, you don't need a bar. With an apartment, you're likely going to make more local friends. I think it's most important to find a scooter, in addition to being very social.

Things learned by German traveler: buy a tent, buy a scooter, hike, meet people, relax. :)

Make that a priority!

1. Apartment
2. Relax, travel, see Hui
3. Buy used scooter
4. Tutor English
5. Make stuff

Life is definitely less exciting. :(

Send Sweta Rosetta Stone.

Today:
Call Vanessa
Sleep outside in the park.

Try to consume more, try to sleep on time. Be more creative with life. Be more social? I don't know. It sucks.

5pm apartment. Humans project. Go out at night? Why are you so lazy? Hopefully better after sleep.

New media and no media.

To daily life: get out of house immediately.

The time in class is a waste. It's life, but I dont want to spend life in class.

10/14
Ask Jon about how he works alone.

Stay outside, sleep well, generate excitement in life. Stay outside, even at night somehow. Consuming less. Doing less. Not good.

Stay social at night!

Avoid anything that makes me less social, less active.

I think living far from Taipei will make me less social, making me wander in replacement.

Focus you idiot! Don't turn into your former wandering self! Work. Be social.

I started out so well I Taipei. Now I'm doing nothing. What happened? I need to stay social, yet find routine.

Move少， 說不少。

dont trap 只 in city。

You've become so lazy. Sit in air conditioner. The heat is destroying you. Take a lighter backpack.

To avoid wandering, keep talking to people, sleep well, exercise well, play music or audio all of the time.

Take Vanessa's apartment, but hang out at JVs hostel.*****

10/15
Learn by doing. There is no other way. There's not enough motivation otherwise.

Spend every minute learning chinese! Audio podcasts!

Class is not as motivating as art or work or life!

One can't consume nearly as much when one is inside. One needs music, friends, and more.

Treat my work as work. Stick to my own direction. Its the only thing that makes me happy. It's just so rare that my direction is similar to others. Only in New York did that happen.

You have to treat your art as work. It is work. Just work you really care about.

A photo series on store fronts. Part of humans? Should include only one person, the owner. Or only the owner should be looking at the camera. It's a little different than Asia. People work outside.

Only spend a little time on mandarin. Your work is your highest priority. Full time work, day and night.

Why the recent laziness? Why am I not consuming as much? Need air conditioning? I didn't before! Pure motivation. Be more timely.

Only spend night learning mandarin, consuming. Spend day creatively. That's the problem!

Download Chinese TV shows to learn writing anywhere. Take iPad to avoid battery use? Download two fathers? Try talking to people around me.

ublic film series
Public game series

Drink at Taiwanese bars or parks to practice mandarin and let loose.

Work from the park.

Thinking more, doing less. Not good.

Drink at hostel or park or local bar or combo moves.

台灣學習中文 scholarship deadline ＝另一四。



Yong kang street.

You have to think, what can you do every moment. Never stop thinking or learning or living. Keep the motivation alive!

Don't do things because you have to, on a to do list. Do it because you want to.

*****The more time I spend inside, the less creative I become. I need to spend time outside to feel good, free, worry-free.

Avoid going home. Live outside. There's nothing at the house, except a bed. Only go if I invite people.

2-11-11 Nishikawaguchi, Kawaguchi, Saitama Prefecture 332-0021日本

Sleep and stay outside. Keep consuming!

Cafe or bar job. Keep talking! Or Humans every morning. Yes! That's perfect. Exploration and social.


Reply Vinay. Tell him not feeling well, blog of humans, innate vs response.

Keep class? Good measurement of motivation.

十/十七：
今天， 我不消費什麼也。我腦不工作。

我need to trap myself in Taiwan. Maybe.

Keep meeting people. Keep talking. Keep staying in social spaces, or outside.

I can't stand being inside a room anymore. I must stay outside, day and night. Sleep outside, somewhere, in the public, with people.

10/18

To humans:
People are more approachable at night. People have time to talk. They aren't working. The only problem is light. It would be cool to have some night shots of people. Natural lighting.

Perhaps a low light camera? iPhone already has 2.0f!

The focus should be stories, not advice. Or current moments.

Old:
Thai boxing, tofcl

Be social to track time. Be quick.

Schedule routine for work. Less thinking, more doing.

Blog:
Introvert apex. Fantastic mind


http://www.tealit.com/ad_categories.php?section_id=31&subsection_id=5&content_mode=3&search_mode=5&content_id=50620&=en


Sleep outside, work outside.

02343-2888
885

10/19
Spent too much time on the computer being unsocial and slow with decisions, or at least it felt that way.

You have to work or be social. Learning is not an option. I do things that I want to as fast as I can.

I can't spend time alone. At least, not on a computer, or not after a long day of living.

Stop class after I find a job at a cafe or bar somewhere. Start freelancing.

Need to stay social all day! Somehow.

Buy website? More work?

You must stay social. Otherwise the day is wasted. Keep talking to people.

I must find a way to keep life exciting!

Today:
Update Simon
Use Line instead of MyPhone

Bike or scooter everyday.

Have to create events with and for people.

Attend art events to meet and socialize. Need to join other artists. There's no other way, or, just travel to reenergize.

I've lost interest in the world. I don't want to even get out of bed. I need to be more social. I need more work. I need to keep doing things.

Need to attend events, talk to people, go out with people. Or, watch films, consume great media.

When I do humans project, I need to surround myself with more people. I feel more confident with more people.


Try markets, popular neighborhoods, etc, go during day, happier times.


Move quick. Don't hesitate, like Rice said. Keep doing shit! :)

Another day wasted. Failed to be social. Failed to be excited about traveling. Poop.

10/20

I can't concentrate anymore. I'm not fighting for life anymore. Taiwan is making me lazy. I need to stick to myself, my New York ambitious self.

I've lived such a good life in Taiwan I forgot what struggle is. The people who struggle.

Perhaps I need to struggle to create something grand again.


10/21
I need to stay social or keep exploring (alone), or else I crumble.

Try calling Seung. Try organizing another film event. Make it weekly. Facebook moobie night. Possible movies.

To humans: remember to capture the city too. Take pictures of streets, storefronts, nature. Everything.

Should work a cashier job.

Perhaps documenting contemporary society works best. I should freelance programming.

為好工作計， 我need to go deeper. Begin talking to people in Wanhua. Keep eyes open for interesting people.

Taipei is a happy place to be, but it makes it uninteresting.

Contact NTU, NYU, Parson's, and others.

Do not conform. Stay an outsider. Criticize society.

Freelance programming and live on the road.

10/22
Need to give self deadlines. Without it I just live, without work and life. Deadlines should exist for both. Need to travel and be social to understand length of time.

1. Get scooter.
2. Get tutor gig for night
3. Get cafe or bar gig for night

1. Call or go to foreign ministry
2. Fly out and back
  - plan trip
3. Scooter somewhere everyday. No. Be more social. Babycastles Taiwan.
4.

Be social all day (travel, art). Work at night.

Freelance 3G scooter tent trip around Taiwan. Forever.

I travelled today because I wasn't social enough.

I need to keep creating new adventures. To stay alive in a city, I need to keep creating new events.

Sleep well. Schedule work?

Not consuming enough!

10/23
Not creating enough! Need to put self into new social situations constantly.

The problem is that I haven't developed enough friends in Taiwan. I need more things to do. More social things. More exploration, more fun.

Is it better to be a wanderer or a businessman? How to balance the two? I should be able to do work, yet  I should be able to organize events for art, enter new media festivals, and do grand art.

Todo:
Call Alex's friend, check foreigner meetups about freelancing work
Call all new media, film, and toy studios?
Call tutors*
Don't tie self to Taipei?
Check local websites, call musicians
Explore Taipei. Hike somewhere new everyday.
Keep peers close: Ultracombos
Be spontaneous: humans, vincent moon, new media, exploration, walk, scooter, bicycle, becoming, live by the hour, babycastles, go out more often, drink more often
Propose for art grants and master programs
1. Fuck business. Live more. Just tutor, make art, and take on weird gigs. Keep wandering. Plan less, live more.
3. Keep creating art! Keep talking! 3. Go to Taiwanese art events. Talk to people. Enter festivals. Make film and new media.

It's dark at night. I can concentrate, but it's not fun. It's not social. It's not creative. It's slow. I'm not consuming.

10/25
My senses are heightened when I am alone and thinking. When I am with people, my senses are blunted, I feel indifferent, time flies.

Watch a film, go to the east coast, do something to get re-inspired!

Work at the hostel or cafe hop, must be a public area where people can speak.

Spend more time outside. Wander more. Use headphones.

Forget any artwork that takes time to create. You have to stay social and make stuff. You have to maintain happiness. Simple ideas like irons with cameras have the same power as something that takes much longer to make.

I'd rather live a life of adventure rather than planning.

10/26
The time between social activity in cities is short. I love it.

時候

去阿里山是不好意思。Simon 的朋友沒意思。他們

每天，我不得不搜尋工作。 我不得不有時間表。

漢語：

也許

什麼時候我要錄性， 我應該

你不得不鬥爭代時候。

台灣的人：
我需要矯正Google的譯文。

我需要睡覺跟消耗時間跟人。 學由於有的。 

我需要感興趣人，然後告訴他們我有藝術品。

他們的臉必須看得見。 stop thinking and go

學習中文：
去大文化language corner

Buy iPhone battery? Buy point and shoot? Use GH-2？


schedule：
去公園
1：30 念書
1：30台灣的人
1：30search教工作
1：30新media

Install yimwa and Cartoon Network.

I lost my sense of adventure, enthusiasm, excitement. I just go home and sleep now. It's fucking stupid. There's so much to do in the world, yet I do nothing.

Sleep outside, not at the hostel.

Reality game:
Add blocks, resize, stopwatch, high score.

Babycastles:
Organize public arcades all over Taiwan. Create public games in public areas.

The concert is meh. I've lost interest in the world.

Someone is recording with a canon camera. What a waste.

My mind is blank. No interests.

After a night out with that girl I met at the concert:
She's somewhat smart, with taste. An agent for pop music, and she loves her job. She has a huge ego, as she self-proclaims. She judges the shit out of me, like most Taiwanese people do.

We drink, she kisses me at one point, but my cold and boring self does not go in.

Anyway, she's crazy, hasn't had a boyfriend for four years for good reasons.

She did have one point: I don't know how to relax, which is something Kate said.

Meh, I like the people I met while traveling better. Everyone from my class is much better than that girl. Id rather have less intelligence than ego .
Anyway, she reminded me of reality. Work. I need to stop fucking around and get shit done. Speak mandarin. Be social. Do work. Set deadlines. Playtest games. Make films. Talk with people, without the travel sense of mind, yet appreciate the lower class. Don't be like her, be like Dhannanjay, Shila, and Banksy.

10/30
Isolate yourself from English speakers. Force yourself to learn Mandarin. Buy a bike. Be more creative. Find programming job? Find social, professional jobs?

下午二點： 迎接小吃人。

11/1
Spend only 1 hour of mandarin in the morning, then go out. Find social jobs, find artists, work on public art. Stay on the streets!

The morning sets the pace. That initial push to go out, and stay out, exploring, socializing. It's the houses and libraries that make me complacent and unsocial. You have to keep moving and talking. Don't stop. Only study during breaks in life.

Try language cafe. Ask how others found students. Ask if others have social jobs. Find ways to live life more, somehow making money and having fun.

Learn via life. Life is motivating.

The goal of humans is to find interesting people and share their stories, not to learn mandarin.

The goal of banksy is to criticize society, as a person who sees the world in a novel way.

518, 104, yes123, walk to nearby bars and cafes, work near shida?

Expensive hipster bars and cafes. Take the job, not because you are a failure, but because your goal is to learn mandarin and have fun.

Limit morning study (and everything else) to one sitting: 1 and a half hours.

Play and contact last game jam organizer. Organize a game jam at a public place. A park with a canopy. Daan? Can find nearby cafe later. Create Facebook event. Create organization myself. Babycastles in Chinese. Ask someone to create a poster. Invite and send event to all Facebook organizations. Create your own volunteer organization. Fuck the system. Meet people. Find a home for Babycastles Taiwan. Rent a space.

Organize a playtest at Daan park.

Scooter out every sunny day.


11/2
Feel like being social. Not reading a book. Humans time! :)

You have to keep living, keep consuming. It's just better to consume life as opposed to media.

2:30 rice festival in taitung
Sleep in Tainan
Find jobs in Taipei
Find partners
Begin art and business

Stop use of computer tomorrow. Only for job search, and even then, it should be used very little. Be more extrovert! More life and adventure, less computer.

Perhaps it's best to have a social life, but work yourself.

In order to sustain humans, one must keep walking around, keep traveling, and stay social.


PPTV

Sleep more? No. Be more social. Travel more. Go back to class? No. Regain motivation. Focus.

Travel during free time!

現在，我需要旅行。 是有創造力。你不應該需要原因。

停學習。find motivation

never study indoors。

make更台灣朋友。 繼續說! 計劃社交集會。打電話人。

It could be the heavy backpack!

11/4
我是schizoid.

Games are important to Schizoids because they provide interaction.

我需要大聲說。

11/8
KT dictionary.
從不去床。停留外邊。
不是只又。還住外面。

11/9
今天，wochang

我需要

11/10
我太住了。 在我的房子我最後放鬆。

11/11
一個天揮霍了。 我需要新方向。我想hostel。我說了。我玩了。現在，我不能覺得。我獨自。

我不得不還社會。是附近社會的地方。

11/13
我失去我的動因。

我需要學釋放。我用我的精力太快了。旅行。

露天, amazon shop

Ask laoshi for all worksheets? Or take a scooter and get the fuck out. Or stay at the hostel for one day? Or work alone?

Game jam:
Fuxk button game
Motion sensor games

11/17
Message Gia about Taipei fine arts

我 consume新的東西。什麼時候東西loses appeal，我moveon。我是不會maintain motivation。 我just keep consuming。

perhaps， 我需要environment to keep me stable. 可視，它不完了。an environment is key. Happy people, like-minded, progress.

這個時候是苦日子。

在明天，上課。等一等看。

Christopher created fine art films。為甚麼我不能我？

perhaps 我需要生like a poor person. Perhaps I need to stop pushing people away. But I have to keep exploring in my own way.

Today:
Buy a bike
  - take lock
Bike to elephant mountain

perhaps an upscale restaurant, in shida or yongkang

Wasting too much time. Neither working or learning Chinese. What happened?

Need to be less picky and just do the work. Keep talking, somehow? Find new direction? Stick to old project ideas?

Find a design job using 104. Or a fun one, like landscaping.

Buy a space. Run all events there.****

6:45pm movie Friday.

11/20
現在，我的課無聊。

I can't rely on others. I just need to sit down and make stuff from now on. At most, I can work in Tainan or travel, then start my own studio. Spend little to no time on business.

找社交的工作。用104。我需要強迫自己努力工作。

工作無聊。我總是放棄。我敗了。

Bi4ko4nan2

the lack of direction, the failure to choose one, wasted time. You have to keep doing things! Don't stop to think about direction.

Need to catch up on mandarin book, especially writing. Need to schedule myself as I did before: class, pleco, real life, TV, thoughts. Don't give up yet.

1. Kate, study Chinese, explore Tainan
2. Move back to hostel?
Ticket, plan trip
2. Apply for social jobs near my apartment, and artsy places, like a DVD store, and design studios
3. Teach a class?
4. Open arcade (need to apply for a business?), donate for now
Create through writing for now. Work on CB. Buy a flight.

Hostels provide social events.

Travel to a random place everyday.

The change in audio and visual is what I need.

Need to learn to communicate using technology.

Today:
job hunt nearby, job hunt 104, write down numbers, check for Kates reply

Tomorrow go to Kate's?

I don't need to join others. Others should join me. Play joust and journey with me. Watch films with me. Travel with me. It's my choice. Fuck everyone else.

igdashare
monkeypotion

Have to balance time. Do I want to make games, film, travel / humans, learn chinese? For now, Chinese.

I can only talk about things I like.

11/25
So I failed at learning Chinese, failed at finding a job, and failed at creating anything. I need to reset myself. Travel. Finish the Chinese class. Excite myself to talk to people. Anyone.


