4/7/16 after two days at the village near Yilan:
For the most part it was quite lonely. Listened to a lot of music. Didn’t feel as if I were in an aboriginal village. Wrote a letter for XiaoXiao after the second night. Felt sick / tired on the first night, so overslept. Slept during the heat of the day.

On the first day, I felt quite hot. Sweat profusely. **I need to cover my entire body during the heat**.

When I reached there, Baozi’s connection greeted me at night, thankfully. He was super nice, but he over-worries about safety — of me scootering to the Gorge, to hunt hogs, to farm. Not sure why these island-nations fear so much. Perhaps there is some truth of disasters, landfalls, hog traps snatching feet, pesticides in farms.

Another problem I encountered: the aboriginals agreed with me with a time and date to go farming together, but when the time came, they didn’t fetch me. I told their wives about it, and their wives agreed to scold them, but then again, at 6am, they failed to fetch me again. I feel this kind of promise and failing to meet-up is very similar to the problem I’ve encountered in the city. People agree to do something together, perhaps have a direction, find it cool, but then fail to join. Is it the same problem of people in San Francisco? — Only do things for money? Say they’re interested in other things, but only act toward capitalism?

One must separate money and personal desire.

Perhaps it’s the problem of the difference between communication and action… [stopped writing here]
—

Talked to Baozi. His friend told him to tell me that I have to leave. We hypothesized that the problem was cultural, the Chinese workaround: they’re too nice and don’t know how to say leave. Oh well.

But now I’m not so sure of traveling alone. I don’t want to be in a tent the entire time. I travel to meet people, to live together, not to be alone. If I keep encountering problems like this, it’s going to suck. Or is it? I’m quite independent at the moment. I’m a completely different person from the person who did Humans of Taiwan. Now I’m completely independent, alone, happy?

**When I did Humans of Taiwan, I was social with the entirety of society. Wherever I was, I felt I could talk to people, feel social, feel at home.** Now, I don’t. I’m insulated myself. I desire to insulate myself in a place in or near a small city.
—

27/6/16:
I've lost my interest in people. I've become cold during my time in Taipei. I'm not investing in the thoughts of others as I did in my past.

I'm not communicating to her as I did in the past. In the past we'd talk all night, or was it just me, being rational?

She doesn't push people to do things. She doesn't ask people questions. She thinks way too much, not me. I only thought a lot (about a single human) during that one moment in time.

--

Why not respond? She wants to play. I can't, because I love her; it's different for me to play as opposed to Anton or Baozi. I can't be playful because we are not together.
--

Things that hurt, to which I am unwilling to change (back) for, or of my current culture as opposed to my past culture:
"You're an engineer"
The faces she made when I said I don't drink, and wanted to bike.
"You're too serious" (after not saying 硬硬的)
"You're rational"
"You have to have fun" (not sure when, I think it was said)

Things to which I did not respond:
Her, when she kissed me, several times during a point in time.
Her touching me in the morning, twice.
Her tickling me.

Other things that hurt to a lesser degree:
Her playing with other guys.
--
Older thought:
I'm not thinking as I used to: to fight to live, capitalism, selling tea, thinking of minds, her mind, local minds, society, etc.

--

Todo:
Need to thank Baozi for birthday, XiaoZhu too, for remembering, the cake, celebrating, etc.

**Tell her that I can't be so playful, especially touching for the same reason six months ago: because I love her. It's different. If I didn't, then I could play normally. But I feel we can't be together because our cultures differ at the moment, so I don't respond, or touch back.**

My mind, 想法, varies by time and space, and maybe I am more "cold", "engineer", or academic-oriented at the moment, but they are phases, just as travel, house-life, city-life, new media art, engineer, social philosophy, and so on. Just for the past 6 months I've been living off of CouchSurfing or friends, and have to exchange time with people as a gift. Only very recently I've been able to revert to an older independent American self.

Yilan reminds me of a childhood, which is nice for a moment, just as my parents house is, but I prefer working toward my interests: either alone (anywhere), or with city-people (NY).
--


26/6/16 [wrote straight to blog or physical papers before this]

From paper:

Feel evil

--
It seems all Taiwanese people look forward to is to travel. Use the money to travel, eat, maybe learn a small craft. Nothing complex. Save $300 and travel a little in a nearby country. In comparison to the cultured thought of the West, this is ridiculous. What about relationships, care, social work, society, politics, urban, social problems, etc.?

It's interesting how far Taiwanese people go though, physically. A Western person may use money at a nearby store or accumulate capital into a house, but not Taiwan travelers. They don't lose sight of the bigger world. That's a great thing, but the focus of the complexities of the world is missing. Perhaps one's mind must be in a simple state to think on such a broad way: the traveller's mind. It's refreshing. The opposite way, critical theory, is not.

21/5/16
It's been so long since I've detached myself from society, from thinking about the main social problems of humans.

17/5
Cool weather. Once it came my taste came back, as did some more energy. The weather of Taiwan really is a killer. One needs an air conditioner and humidifier.

That reminds me of a more recent thought, which may be a rememberence of an old on: that when  there is bad weather, visual people turn toward video games, and when there is good weather, they go outside.

In the cool weather in Taipei, I could feel the lonely, comfortable times in Nepal, San Francisco. I had no one, but I was comfortable, in my own world, thinking, wandering, and working an incredible amount of hours toward games. In such weather, it is possible to forget the world -- the social world's problems: inequality, etc. Is it right? No. Was it not worth the ability to focus on work at the time: personal games? No. Because the real work is social-political change. So the games only matter of hey communicated social-political messages.

I'm still unable to wake up early, but I think I will be able to tomorrow.

Headphones allows one to live in the noisy streets: focus on work through digital means. It transforms noisy to comfortable. It was the way I survived in the past. I could use it while walking, biking, on a bus. I could also watch films on my laptop nearly anywhere too: on a bus, train, in public places. It is a necessary device.
--

Rain map shows Yilan and Taidong worst during typhoons. Taizhong, Nantou, Tainan, best.
  - ***** very important

Also, seems Taipei is most humid, east coast less humid, hills and mountains probably less so too. Maybe Taizhong a little better than Tainan and Gaoxiong.
  - *****

"A good scooter will make just about anyone anywhere happy in Taiwan. Mobility is king."
  - ***** this is the thing.

"I'm not sure it would qualify as a "city", but I really like Makung on Penghu, not least because it's the only place I know in Taiwan where pedestrians are accorded precedence over the abominable motor car."
  - :)

I must say I really like Puli. The air is great, the water is fine, the women are pretty. There's also a small cairn I built in the memory of my murdered dog.
  - :)

I'm a bit of a hill-folk, and there are some great mountains and valleys that spread out from Puli like spokes on a wheel. Lots of cool historical bridges and tunnels built bt the Japanese. It's an interesting place overall.

"I'm surprised someone picked Jiayi. Too damn noisy with all the funeral parades, garbage trucks, politician trucks, etc. I've stayed there many weekends at the inlaws' house and it seems much noisier than Taipei. Also there are no sidewalks on some busy streets and people drive even worse than in Taipei."
  - my feelings of all west coast cities. Maybe need scooter? Or pick a small town.

"Well, the real killer is the lack of appropriate work. In Hualian I'd be back to teaching conversation classes, or something like that. Nothing wrong with that kind of work, but I'd prefer to be with a large international law firm or technology company and it's my understanding that there's nothing like that there"
  - nothing outside of Taipei has professional work.

I don't think it matters much as long as you find a decent house. I bought a nice house in a really arsebackwards part of Taichung county and it's done us grand.
  - house as most important space

Taipei has the best infrastructure but the roadworks, traffic, pollution and awful weather make life miserable. Taichung has the nicest public areas, parks, museums etc. but it's not actually that much cheaper than Taipei any more. Tainan has nice weather, boats, bikers and a laid back lifestyle - take that as paradise or hell according to your personal temperament. Kaohsiung is.. somewhere I am still trying to find something nice about. Pingdong is a lot of fun in a backward kind of way and full of cute aboriginal girls, plus it's not far from Kending but it's miles away from anywhere. Don't bother with anything East of the mountain range unless you enjoy driving 6 hours to get anywhere.
  - ***** I agree with all of this

And one connection non-Taipei people fail to make is that the rainy weather is part of the reason we have better air. There's nothing like the evening after the afternoon monsoon has washed everything out of the sky and it's clear skies and fresh air for the rest of the day. You go for a bike ride and can see stars. 
  - Taipei during summer is indeed the best

And as jimi and others have discovered, it's hard to get out of taichung to anywhere fresh and green and uncrowded in a short time.
  - uh oh!


Actually, I live here in Pingdong county, and I'm dreading going back to Taichung next year to finish my MA.

The weather is awesome and the people are friendly. As long as you don't mind living in the countryside, (I'm about 40 minutes by motorcycle away from KKH), the south and east are the best.
  - people seem happiest in the small towns, hills, countryside

I've been living in Taichung for a year now and I definitely think it was a mistake. As Mucha Man pointed out, we tend to expect smaller cities like Taichung to be better than large cities like Taipei, but in Taiwan this simply isn't the case.
  - pollution worst in Taizhong and Gaoxiog. Taibei better. But really, they all seem quite bad.

I like the north part of the city too. We do have quicker access to the mountains here though unless you live right on Yangming Shan. Also the trails are natural and a lot less busy. But Tianmu, Guandu, Bali and so on are all good places to live. I love that I can go for long walks and bike rides here in Muzha at night completely off road and hear owls and crickets and breathe fresh air. And we have all the tea houses and restaurants in the hills. Nothing like sitting on a patio at 6pm overlooking a lush valley that drops into the city teeming with traffic and noise and knowing how lucky you are. (He lives in Muzha)
  - north and south of the basin, clean

Better traffic is subjective, but I happen to enjoy driving/motorcycling and driving in Taipei is a fucking nightmare. The roads are insanely congested, there is never any parking and half the city is under construction which means you are competing with half a million other cars and scooters for arterial roads that have been turned into half-lane alleys. It takes me longer to drive from Taipei City to the wife's family in Linkou than it does to do the same drive from Taichung. The only people who say that Taipei traffic is better than Taichung don't drive.
  - lol, even driving scooter in Taipei is terrible, but surely comes with experience.


Weird, weird, weird! I spend a lot of time in Taichung and I know which place I prefer, hands down, for both driving and clean air. It sure as hell 'aint Taichung, home of some of the craziest driving and most non-existent parking in the country!
  - no city it good, except, perhaps, Tainan

plenty of places similar to llary's mountain top retreat equally far away from Taipei. Taipei does, however, have to suffer some of the most vile periods of grey weather on the planet, with the possible exceptions of Gdansk and London, for three months every winter. 
  - grey winters in Taipei

Hualian is a beautiful county. Hualian city, pretty much ike every other city or town in Taiwan, is a craphole.
  - repetition of crappy urbanization

I still say Pingdong is the next best place besides Kinmen (Jinmen) or Penghu in Taiwan.
  - only nature is best, people turn the world to crap

You can go outside and play soccer year round and the fields are clear.
  - against Taipei's sunless winters

For those that have visited Taichung and complain about the traffic, I'd have to say that it goes both ways. Taichung visitors come to Taipei and say, "Man driving is so crazy here. I could never do it." What they overlook is that it's automatic. Drive. Stoplight. Drive. Stoplight. Not too much to worry about, just go with the flow.

When Taipei people visit Taichung they say, "Man driving is so crazy here." The roads are more wide open and things actually move faster, which can be frightening at first. However, I felt that with this freedom I wasn't shackled by the chains of routine, which is sometimes the case in Taipei. Also there are fewer cops in Taichung.
 - understands both styles of driving, city vs suburb driving

Shilin, Tianmu, or southern Beitou (that would all be Taipei) handsdown.


No I'm from dear dirty Dublin, which looks absolutely splendid compared to any city in Taiwan even in the grey rain. I've been to Hualian many times and it's the usual badly planned concrete scooter hell with a couple of nice little places thrown in. If most of it was razed to the ground and rebuilt they could have a semblance of a real tourist industry here. That's unfortunate because Hualian county is an awesome place. I stand by my comments, every city and town in Taiwan is built to crap standards and almost impossible to walk around, even in the scenic areas, it's just to different levels of crapness.
  - one person gets it, beautiful nature, crap cities. Perhaps must stick to walkable towns.

2) despite a fair percentage of people here having travelled to Europe, North America or the Antipodes, no one seems to be at least immitating what they see on vacation. I mean, isn't that what Taiwanese do, immitate?
  - good point on urban repetition, wtf. Money?

The rest of Waiao is your standard collection of bathroom tiles
  - lol

If you're married, the best place to live here is as far away as possible from the in-laws.
  - lol


No. They speak "Taiwanese" (maybe had better call it Hokkien or MinNanYu for this purpose) but the Taiwanese they speak is regarded as at best wacky even by most Taiwanese. Definately not Mandarin. To my foreign ears at least the Mandarin spoken there is basically the same as in Taiwan.
  - Penghu language problem, a dialect of Taiwanese!

Appreciates the crapness of Taiwan's town :lovestruck: ...that me does. Loathes the anal retentiveness of the western world. Why would one want to compare to THAT anyhow? freaking left it cuz I hated it.

The best place to live is near your job. SatTV and AJ are our role models  :noway:  :noway: , living on mountaintops with cha-wallahs, 120 Mbps pipes, and John Barleycorn.

Taidong is cozy and small for a reason -- the remotest of the little cities on the island in terms of transportation and stuff to do.
  - not as convenient to train to Taipei as Hualien is, especially with the new train

The problem as has been suggested is that the best places to live are not where the work are. Still I work at home and could live anywhere but stay in Taipei because paradoxically I have faster access to nature than most places and that includes a lot of small towns (they may be close to nature....

I've been here for almost 25 years and have been all over the country many, many times. I live just outside Taipei City for the express reason that its so much LESS run down, noisy, polluted and dusty than any other of the cities here, with the possible exceptions of Taidong or Hualian -- and good luck finding work down there.
  - all cities are old and run-down. But that's what I like?

For families, if you can choose where you live, you can spend a 1/3 on the mortgage and have a much nicer place than in Taipei...so you can have more spending power too...if you want. I had guests down from Taipei recently and they commented that the place I lived in was similar to a new place in Xinyi. 
  - city housing is super run down, but possible to find, as the Italian guy did

I also strongly disagree with Taidong and Hualian, they are more like small towns than cities. They are also very ugly in the main, especially considering their beautiful natural location.
  - all ugly, even with beautiful nature

I would spent most of the year in Taipei but 'snowbird' it down south during the winter--probably Taidong or Tainan. I could conceivably be a year-rounder in Taidong even. Not Tainan, though--muggy as hell in the summer. Taichung has nice winters, though windy.
  - migrates with weather

Taipei is good for starting out I suppose. There are advantages if you want to meet plenty of foreigners, go to clubs or pubs, have good public transport (if you are in range of it), go for half day trips to mountain trails, have access to the beautiful (but extremely packed at the weekends) north coast, find a job quickly, have more chances of getting laid, eat western food, eat pretend western food, live near a big tower, live near a big ex-volcano, go to department stores (pick one from about 500) and enroll at a gym for the price of a small semi-detached house in Hounslow.
  - oh so many pros

I grew up in Taipei and yes the winter can just drag on and on and the rain can suck as at times it never lets up. But dont let that get you down. IN winter head up to YMS and soak in one of the many small hot spring places for 100nt a person with your own room (bring your GF ). Taipei is also close to the north east coast, the north coast, etc. Theres LOTS to do in Taipei.

Including getting on one of the many trains to the East Coast down to Hualian for a day trip. And you can do a nice overniter to Ktown on the HSR. Or do the HSR to Taichung for a daytrip.

Taipei simply offers the mostest on the rock.
  - ahhhh, all a state of mind. Need to go to north and northeast coast! Need a scooter! Need to get out!

A few people have said in this thread that Taipei's air quality is appalling. I believe Kaohsiung's air quality is officially the worst on the island by government statistics and from personal experience it's usually visible.
  - Gaoxiong worst, Taipei's rain pushes pollution out!

Hualian is probably a really nice place to live, but I prefer being within striking distance of it from Taipei instead (two, two and a half hours by express train).
  - good point about Hualien. Only go for the nature, not a place to live.

As for Taidong City, it has a some very nice parts as does Hualian City, but the architecture is crap and the town mostly looks the same as any other here.
  - lol, true.
  - So, in the end, just Taipei and Tainan.

Taipei has got its worts thats for sure. And its hemorroids too. 

Some are just saying it was worse before and also there are other shit holes out there.
 - lol

This is my honest opinion, not really a criticism against Taiwan - however, I feel that Taiwan given its relative wealth could be a much better place to live - it has a lot of potential. But again, my honest opinion is that nobody seems to care and this is sorely reflected in the state of the environment...
  - *****

I choose to live here and if it became unbearable I would leave. As it happens, Taiwan is good for me because I lead an interesting life. There are people I have met here who are now fantastic friends and there are things I can do here that I would never be able to do experience in my own country.

That being said, it is difficult not to feel jaded and bitter about some of the things on this island. An example is, without going into too much detail, donating my house for 6 months to flood victims who lost their own last year, and then being SUED for it. Some things on this island you couldn't make up. So from my own experience, opinion and from the things I see around me, Taiwan is a shithole. And the tragic thing is, it need not be.
  - *****

Taiwan has come a long way in a very, very short time. The older generation may pine for the good ol' days, but the younger folks (and some good politicians on both sides) want to see things cleaned up as much as you do. Just don't expect change overnight. 

You can say what you want about the architecture or the politics, but as far as I'm concerned, anybody who says they don't like the "people" in Taiwan just don't know them. Some of the nicest people in the world as far as I'm concerned.
  - well, a little positivity

it seems here you can spend your own time and money and even risk your life under incredible circumstances but you can still end up in legal trouble - people will always find a way to take advantage here and it repeats itself over and over again.

On the other hand, and as I have stared earlier, there are many people here who are nice and I have made great friends all over the island. But I still maintain that society here is rotten to the core and it is anyone's choice to stick their head in the sand and ignore that. But I myself like to live in the real world.
  -  rough, tries to help but gets screwed, even on a search and rescue team

It's pretty much stagnated since 2000 in many ways. Speed of change, at a fundamental level in their views towards society, environment, politics, work, education is very very slow since then. Hate to say it but if you take nationalism and fear of government out the equation the Chinese seem to be much more amenable to change and recognise a lot of the issues in their society and a lot more clued in about international affairs. What has REALLY changed in Taiwan in the last 10 years. Scooters, burning money on sidewalks, bad pavements, dangerous driving, legal system, river and air pollution, working conditions, salaries, mobility in society, education system, views towards other races...a lot of things have hardly budged at all. THings are changing , just much slower than other places and compard to their level of economic development.
  - *****

The big advances like health system, open parliamentary elections, MRT and High speed rail..they were all planned and really executed in the 1990s. The stuff since then like the plastic bag tax and removal of 50cc scooters and implementation of maternity leave for mothers, mostly been failures or window dressing at best. Almost no major change in any area whatsoever, it seems gridlocked, both in peoples heads and in the government. Look at the way the government still tries to railroad large polltuing projects through and the local police still assist in that and most of the population just accept it along with the vote buying, no real care towards the wild animals here still either (e.g. white dolphins). Hopefully civic society will win through even with the minority of people caring.
  - *****

Back to the original poster's question: I like Taipei a lot. I just moved here, but I think it is great. Lots of great nightmarkets. I don't get sick from the food like i did in China. The MRT is fast, efficient, clean, and doesn't close ridiculously early. The people don't push you, cut in line, scream on their phones, and throw their trash everywhere. The food can have lots of vegetables without being too oily. Nature-y areas are very close. Many of the locals are well traveled and can see the world from a different perspective. I think the people are nice here too. One of my foreigner friends left his luggage in a taxi with his passport. A day later, the cabbie finally figured out it was in the back and remembered where he dropped my friend off and brought it back to him. I guarantee that would not happen in the city i just lived in. Sure, there are some negatives. The lack of trashcans is annoying. The population density is bothersome. Having to throw away your used toilet paper in a trashcan. Places not using airconditioning when it is readily available. Gyms are too expensive. Air pollution. But no city/town/village in the world is perfect. Everywhere has a downside. The point is, there is a lot of good here if you are willing to see it.
  - first impressions, the good :)

The best place to live in my opinion is Taidong, not the city but just up the coast. It is spectacular and you'll get a true tropical island experience, anywhere else doesn't remotely compare. As ice Raven said the issue there is work, but if you are just coming to learn Chinese it would be great.
  - indeed east coast is great if one doesn't need work or works digitally.


That eastern side is another world from "Taiwan" as I know it or rather Taipei... it seemed I was in another world, maybe a cousin of California. truly remarkable.
  - :)

Taiwan had lots of things that were state owned and state run (those institutions are only now privatized , at least in name). Such as the govt bus system, Taipower, China Airlines, China Steel, etc and et al. 
  - hmmm neat, need to read more history

 Social Democratic govt like France
   - nice

It was a one party state for many years like Singapore (which is really the most utopian Socialist state).
  - lol, so true.

Taiwan had 40% of its indudtries owned by the government in 1990.....the highest outdside the Communist/Socialist block.
  - wow, it was quite socialist, not capitalist at all!

Taiwan is too humid. In the summer it is hot and humid (probably raining) and in the winter it is cold and humid (probably raining). Nice people though, generally.
  - ah, so true.

Really? I spent extensive time in Taipei in the early to mid 1980s and the place back then had its own sense of excitement. Sure, the pollution and traffic was much worse than now. But there was an energy to the place as Taiwan back then was a rising economic miracle in the world, probably 1st among the much admired "four little dragon" economies. Who hears that phrase now? I also remember there were still expat places left over from the US military presence of the 70s, places in Tianmu, Combat Zone, etc. Taoyuan (CKS) Airport then was one of the most advanced airports in Asia. Mainland China was still closed off and for any one who wanted to get 'Chinese' exposure or learn Chinese, Taiwan was the place. In some sense, Taiwan has totally gone downhill since the 1980s.
  - wah, energy from government, competition, then died off

Keep pissed and you never have an hangover. Guy in Taiwan is correct but we go to The Phillippines now not Thailand that is so passe! Taoyuan is ok for work but not to live the worst I saw was Zhonghe...again when work is hard to find the weary travel to these inhospitable places. God bless them.
  - oh no! Vinay!!

When I finally got a car, I felt like what BenHur musta felt on his chariot !
  - need personal transport in Taiwan

Anyway, having moved back to Taipei after 4 years away I can say...MRT nice...otherwise not much else gong for it, especially when you have kids. Crowded run down city in the main. Not ideal family spot. rent is cheap compared to many Asian cities but infrastructure doesn't match Seoul, Tokyo, HK etc. Better off living in places like Taichung but just hard to make a living. Taipei is Still Hicksville due to monorthnic culture, so you don't get the usual benefits of living in an international capital city. Living close.
  - after living anywhere in Taiwan, Taipei loses it's value. Its only value is the people there, not the place. It's also true that there aren't many places: cafes, museums, institutions, etc. to make it really stand out against other places in Taiwan.

I've never lived anywhere else in Taiwan but Taipei, and one of the things I like about it is that's there's so much for kids to do in the city and within a day's travelling. Can I ask what it is you used to be able to do with your kids that you can't do here? We don't have a car and rely on the MRT, buses and taxis to get everywhere.
  - nice to hear a family in Taipei!

Also, as somebody pointed out before, Taichung is not as close to the mountains and recreation areas as Taipei. Plus Taipei has a nicer coast than what you can see in the West.
  - Taipei still best for nature. Better coast and access to Hualien / east coast

I guess that I'm not the most indicated person for saying what the best pace to live in is, but I would dare to say that if you want to have a "standard" life, may be the place would be somewhere in the east part of Taipei, near the hills. Perhaps in one of those neighborhoods near National Palace Museum, perhaps in the new colonies in Xindian.
  - suburban life in Taipei

If you just want to have a small business that you can run anywhere and love live in nature, but still need some civilization close enough (as much as possible in this island), then Hualian or Yilan are good options. For example, I wouldn't mind at all to run a guest house in Hualian.
  - need to love nature, not people

If you a total hermit, then you have so many place to choose from: central Taiwan is full of mountains, some of them of difficult access, and you still have more accessible 
  - hermit!

small "cities" that look like slums: may be I'm totally wrong, but I think that you can easily become a soulless fuckup after living in one of those sad places for just a few months.
  - avoid slums yo! Don't let your mind change the perception of living in those places. It really does mess with you.

The areas on the way to Wulai and the homes past Ankeng are gorgeous -real houses!- but the roads cannot handle the increased traffic. Hopefully, the MRT line will spread the grief when it gets there... in 10 years or so. For now, we enjoy the blossoming cherries and green mountains with clear streams.
  - houses! Near Wulai! Neat Taipei!

Indeed, there is hiking to do, but first, you have to take the MRT/bus to get to Bitan. And that is the sad part. 
  - try a Bitan hike

With little kids I think Asian cities in general suck compared to the suburbs in the West. Just a lack of space. Taipei's kindergartens are also mostly indoors, sometime, sometimes even placed in office blocks and industrial buildings, Taichung's were palaces in comparison..although you always pay more for the nicer places. Don't get me wrong, Taipei is handy for lots of things in COMPARISON to a lot of shitholes out there, but Taiwan's environment like much of urbanised Asia can be stressful to deal with.
  - ***** Asian cities suck compared to suburbs in the West for kids. Absolutely.

The lack of playgrounds is striking compared to Taichung and Kaoshiung (Gaoxiong) (this goes for Taipei city proper aswell as New Taipei city), it seems they don't care for 'young folk' in the 'old city' these days. 
  - Mmm, true.

http://forumosa.com/taiwan/viewtopic.php?f=8&t=89875&start=250
  - the huge *best place to live* thread for Taiwan

Crime wise Tainan is very safe for tourist. However the bureau of transportation reports an average of 200 dead and 20000 injured per year from traffic in Tainan alone.
  - lol, priorities.
--

14/5
I think I chose labor gigs because I want to detach capital from personal relationships.

current culmination of thoughts / todo to actualize:
Tainan: free from space / physical!
repair sleeping bag
clean sleeping bag
search cheapest flight
redirect old phone sim card
eBay stuff
teach in small towns or islands (lanyu, jinmen)
call dou liu train station for my shoes
call NTU (daytime)
call NCKU (daytime)
watch more reality, documentary, Ecunemical Jury prize winners; or, travel
must keep playing, talking, enjoying life
farm in Australia? Farm in Japan? New Zealand?
keep eye on jobs in the US (craigslist NY, Parson's, NY gaming, some other game list, that angel investor list, etc.)
message Vinay of 9th floor and cheap tickets
message Peter and Pan
add Nicola Lacota as Facebook friend and update
check emails
check phone calls
transcribe and trash textual photos
upload photos, check on laptop, trash
see Peter's Kickstarter
update all books to Penguin edition
  - before I used Library Genesis I downloaded from free websites and looked for PDFs; keep the free website ePub files, trash other versions, and download Penguin edition
-

trip:
contact and meet Vinay, Emily, Max, Rice, Pan, and anyone else in Taipei on my way back through with a scooter
  - also see STD doctor
then begin looking for labor gigs (farming, fishing, construction work, simpler construction work, craft, livestock, temp agencies, Google search it in Chinese, PTT, 104, FB sites [Lucas Li? Aces Taiwan?]) along the way to Tainan
  - this seems best, tent, cook myself! :), make my own cold tea! :) :)
-

to read:
  - Space, Place, and People reader (some of it is available on Google books), The Post-modern Condition by Harvey, A Room of One's Own by Virginia Woolf (and then Three Guineas)
  - read lighter things like Ancient Greek philosophy, essays, Daoism, Transcendentalism
  - find dialectical books like The Great Conversation. It should feel good, feel like talking.
  - Geography books (the ones from NTU library seemed great! This is absolutely my favorite discipline.
  - critical theory essay ("traditional and critical theory"?, "preface") by Max Horkenheimer, then Focault critique
  - should read news in Taiwan, and the world, but mostly Taiwan
  - continue with readings to life: capitalism, spaces of exclusion, behavior of capitalism, etc.
  - only read essays, not philosophy. So things like Penguin Great Ideas, which is all essays count. So does much of the readings from Columbia's contemporary civilization course.

-

to play:
SportsFriends
-

to listen:
989 best radio
--

from papers before 5/2016, perhaps several months before:

from paper, not very recent, perhaps from April, or even March:
Showered. Daydreamed of living in tonghua jie, peacefully, doing chores for my neighbors for gift exchange, sometimes for money (take care of elderly, take care of night market stand, take care of children). I document some of the work (farmer getting load from farm via train) to allow others to see the lives of my neighbors.

Local gigs. Walking distance. Feels at home. No alienation.
--

another paper:
dream of creating a hideout / home for the excluded in some abandoned area in Taipei

homeless  -> shelter and food -> work agency

Today's good feelings: Shower, bike, summer weather, holiday, kids play. Love it. A differnt world from Xizhi. Eating at the church felt fine because the weather [is great] and [because] my body is fine. I think less of others.

College: absolute waste of time compared to work low-level capitalists do.

Sleeping at night absolutely useless. Only the hours from 7-12pm felt good. At the not so cold air conditioned OK Mart and outside in the park. That park and NTU sports being the best places to sleep.

play with space -> material -> tools / craft -> play with nature
->
farm, construction, craft, fishing, livestock
--

paper, much older:
In nature, or village like settlements, there is freedom because there is space, to build and accumulate. In the city, there is not. Instead, one spends more time restructuring [altering] the [existing] natural and space, instead of building. That **is** the creative replacement. To rethink space within an already built environment, because the city currently is the best form it can be.
  - not entirely true for old, ancient places, or suburbs, which are more difficult to restructure

built environment -> history -> current cultural view of buliding

[I] imagined [a] Google Maps of Taipei, after the shifts [reallocation of people, commodities]
-

in city: culture change
outside city: civil engineer
  - need to practice
    - no time / money :(
      - drift / labor :)
-

need to keep reading,
thinking,
experiencing,
creating!
almost back to life!
-

think big, not small.
use books, travel.
avoid petty job relationships?
  - it's all experience.
-

find remote game work using C#, or an ActionScript-like 2D engine
civil engi*
health*
urban map / plan*
something that allows me to think freely
  - to read -- cafe, airBnB, etc.
  - travel via foot -- delivery, uber-driver, etc.
--

another paper:
2 days of food -- $40ntd for a loaf of bread
  - 400/10 days
  - 1200/30 days
several days of food -- $20-40ntd for a pound of rice
--

another paper:
need shower
need material for flooring [from another paper]

...Least amount of hours.
Find gigs,
find apt.,
quit hostel,
find job,
quit gigs?
live
travel

get apartment
watch more films
ignore world
control body
simple living like that Korean guy
--

another paper:
If CHUB is not diverse as my needs to mix urban planning, human geography, media, civic technology, public art, etc., then can transfer to NTU
--

another paper:
Taipei vs Tainan:
no nature vs nature
  - one hour away, *as long as one's mind is similar to that of a person at a hostel.*
  - for material creativity, simple satisfaction
bikeable vs not bikeable
  - pedestrian behavior still suck
-

dreams / ideals vs reality
  - desire for organization, home, NY

*it's been so long that I've succumbed to a capitalistic  job of another, opposed to creating capital. Creating capital feels so much better. It's far more to be in my [desired] direction.*
  - software (websites for small businesses, game), urban (engineer, etc.) , social (discuss, workshop)
--

another paper:
What now? Live. Live again. Fuck trying to join these petty clubs. Do it all alone. With capitalism. *Do labor gigs.* *Move horizontally.* Use connections. Gather capital. *Keep connecting and doing.* Forget this direction for the moment and just do things. Create. Talk. Learn languages. Learn to forget. Change.

Hitch to Tainan, or anywhere warm. *Catch labor gigs.* *Only do things for money.* No [more] volunteer work. *Abuse 104 along the way.* Check software gigs in America.

The feeling of travel is so long ago. The experience. The creativity. It's been so long.

Learn to 104 over my phone while hitchhiking. People want money; that is all that will motivate their actions. Do the work. Get physical. Get dirty. Do it.

*These people don't care for written language.* They don't care for conversation. They only act in accordance to capital. Capital and consumption. Other directions in life are missing.

Fuck them all. Fuck this country. They are fake, more fake than SF. More fake than China, Because in China, at least it is obvious. Hence, become your, and continuously take your body, money, and return nothing. Fuck them to hell.

--- (end of papers)


29/4
Ate too much this morning. I definitely did not have to eat all of the rice, or any of it really. Not sure what's going on. Summer laze? How can I be so lazy while being broke? Eh, I probably just need the break. Been thinking too much recently with the schools, worry about flights, and worry of getting money, and deciding between Tainan, New York, Taipei, or continue nomadism.
--

The noise of scooters destroys sociable atmosphere. The entire grid of Taiwan's cities are unlivable because they are completely filled with noise, except late night and Sundays. This makes the only appealing outdoor places to be neighborhoods with narrow streets, so that, at most,  two scooters are struggling to get by. And even better with day and night markets to block them. This is simply why neighborhoods with markets are the most livable places in Taiwan's cities.
--

?

28/4
When I ate last night, I clearly ate too much and passed out shortly after. I don't quite even remember where. Ah, the nearby subway, a little cold, for an hour and a half. Then I was well awake to bike all night and continue cleaning my body well and sleeping at the handicap bathroom, late night, at about 3am or 4am.

Today, I woke up at around 7 or 8am, then continued to the school's social center to sleep. I slept until about 4pm. Perhaps I needed it.

What's happening is that I'm failing to live, failing to be creative, failing to think. Just living to get by, not influencing the world. Now, I am a nobody. All because of my economic situation? I don't think so. The same thing happened in San Francisco, perhaps both times. First time I had work, second time I had personal work. Both times, I was completely alienated from society. Just me and media, similar to now. Is it inevitable, or did I fail? Was it the economic problem of being broke that led me to seclude myself or did I do it myself? I think being broke pushed me outside of social spaces, which after becoming habituated to, conditions one to be a hermit. If I were living in a hostel in Taipei, it would not be the same. I would be social, and let those social experiences affect me. But because I am in an isolated environment, the handicap bathroom at NTU, akin to my apartments in San Francisco, my mind has organized the world into what the rest of the world organized it into: the contemporary culture. I have accepted the material make-up of the city. I do not think of it when I bike 5 kilometers across it. I do not think of what's ideals and how to change the current to be more like it. I do no think. To think, I almost need to communicate simultaneously. Whether at a hostel or through media. Communicating requires thinking. I need to watch some films, or, travel. Get out there. Into reality. But I am nonetheless restricted by being broke, and have a routine for the sake of maintaining health. Without it, well, it usually leads to mosquitos and thirst. The maintenance of the body during poverty is taking too much time, and it takes me away from social spaces, or spaces in which I communicate. Instead, I must bike quickly through so much space, without being able to take any of it in and react to it, naturally. The fact that I must go to the church, like work, destroys thought, just as it destroys my schedule and the input of space,

21/4
Communication is useless in Taiwanese culture. [insert conversation wit Vinay].

19/4
Ate too much. Having to bike 5 kilometers, wait in line to get food, and 5 back, take 3 hours. Worth 30-50ntd? Hardly. It's placing me in a place I don't want to be, but I am stuck, because that is where I can get food, and the school is where I found a place to sleep. Otherwise, I would be stuck with mosquitos and no food. Thus, I cannot freely move, meet people, and do a job. I must use digital communications to find one. Or, spend the day in Taipei wandering freely, talking, getting a job.

18/4
Lots of random ideas: at the hypothetical organization in Tainan, I motivate a kid who wants to be a journalist to create the best news channel. Controlling the media, gave me quite some power, albeit less, as Taiwanese people have been habituated to ignore the news.

17/4
Perhaps yesterday, and continued today, was a day dream about running a kind of RPG business, in which I lead customers to take on adventures in Taiwan, in reality, and to survive capitalism in the process. It included going fishing, cooking, and selling it at the markets. Cooking the customer's ethnic foods and selling it at the night markets. Crafting with wood, metal, etc. and selling it at the markets. Making contemporary art and selling that too. I had previous experience in all of these things, maps of places I've been to and the things to be found there, and unexplored places. Every customer was able to make more money than the cost of one day of being with me.

There was a dream of this extended where Ivar and Enver came. It was more involved, more RPG-like, as they had to learn to backpack, get around Taiwan on scooters, and even had some readings along the way.

The initial idea was simply to live in Tainan, and use tourism as a source of capital. The main source of profit was from scuba diving tours. Another great source was surfing.

These ideas are ideals worth pursuing, worth trying, again. Before, I tried selling tea in Yilan. It was indeed half-assed. But now, as capitalism pushes me toward homelessness, perhaps, I am a bit more motivated to survive it, and this is a manner of survival worth pursuing.

Well, more worth than say, programming in a western country. It's more creative and more fun. Still, far from the ideals and directions I've previously outlined. Very far. Completely narrowed by the market's desires, and shaped by capitalism.

"in communist society, where nobody has one exclusive sphere of activity but each can become accomplished in any branch he wished, society regulates the general production and thus makes it possible for me to do one thing today and another tomorrow, to hunt in the morning, fish in the afternoon, rear cattle in the evening, criticize after dinner, just as I have a mind, without ever becoming hunter, fisherman, shepherd, or critic." - Marx, The German Ideology

16/4
Woke up at around 6am or so?, to some noise, maybe people, maybe the cleaning lady. Luckily I did as the the cleaning lady soon after asked if anyone was in the room -- the handicap bathroom at NTU, the second one I found, because the first was taken.

A slow morning. Ah right, it's Saturday. People actually come out and enjoy nature, relax, like humans. People are in the public doing the things they do in private, and it's beautiful. Oh, how etiquette culture destroys the beauty of human behavior.

Squirrels climb amuck from above, dropping berries for the birds to later scavenge, in addition to the dough balls I made from from a leftover baozi.

Long daydream about living peacefully in a hostel in Tainan, with Kate, writing long essays on Facebook copied from Wordpress which contained pictures of real references mentioned. The first about gardens, how mothers use it as a 'room of their own', referencing Veblen, how different cultures (societies and economic classes) perceive the garden, and the feeling that comes from it, writing from Kate's garden. The second essay is about whether 'personal essays' ever cause action: has anyone acted upon Montaigne, as people acted when Blow made Braid, or when Vertov made Man with a Movie Camera? Did the games and films made in response merely create more communication, as opposed to action? No. It's the accessibility of the medium that increases the chance of acting in response. 'I read the news today' is a different experience from watching Night and Fog, and that itself different from what I imagine and hope the experience of playing This War of Mine. The closer the experience of a medium is to real experience, the greater the chance of acting in response.

13/4
What's preventing me from getting a job? Alienation. That's what I thought of today.

It's all about the feeling of alienation. At one point, I didn't mind if I take a job at a cafe or bar or even a tea shop, as long as I could spend time in the neighborhood I lived in, go to class and spend time with friends, and come back to the hostel or apartment at night to continue being with the people I want to be with. That was the experience of Taipei.

With that amount of social activity, I could then go on to talk to strangers on the street (Humans of Taipei) or be the only one talking to strangers in the subway, or walk into institutions and talk to the exclusive people in there. The space didn't matter, it was a matter of mood. When my mood was up, I could place myself anywhere and feel good about it, when not, then I recoil for a home.

So what's preventing me from even desiring to look for a job? I don't have a home, a community, a hostel. The home comes first, not the job.

I believe that's a major difference in Asia. People tend to keep their home and community, and take on jobs near them. As long as they are connected, it is okay. They as far less likely to go further, physically and socially. The happiness comes from this kind of social home, whether it is neighborhood, family, city, or friends.

Perhaps first one needs the smaller social unit, then go outward, toward the city and country?

If I still lived in the same neighborhood, and hostel, and had my friends, I wouldn't mind taking any job. But now, I dread searching on the computer for a job. I would rather sell tea in my neighborhood than to do any kind of office work, because the former is within my social sphere. The work does not alienate me from my social sphere.

All institutions are alienating. One grows up in a neighborhood, not an institution. The institution is merely a place to meet, not a home. Spending too much time in academia, work, elsewhere is alienating one's self from the residential area they grew up in.

11/4
I had a long day dream whilst drinking tea in front of the library while the elder ladies performed tai qi again. I made a music video with Vincent Moon recording it. It started with an intro of philosophy of music: that when I went home I listened to 60s singers because their words captured human experiences that music without words could not. I began with a helplessness blues cover, the capitalistic behavior and modernity, then a personal composition similar about post-modernity. Then it lead to a song about me, going into poverty, stumbling upon zen, going back to my programming roots to create capital, then not knowing what to do with it because my experience with MIT and other organizations in poor areas have not lead to progress, so I said I just kept it, and posted all of this on Facebook. Then it turned out that Vincent Moon was recording the video. I went toward rapping about College Park, using the titles of locations in college park as comparisons to the whole world, CP being a microcosm of it, and my desire to recreate home wherever I go, CP, and desiring to recreate New York in Taiwan, it's not right. Then it led to a more attacking rap, using experience and philosophy to create raw bars. Then it led to pointing toward Vincent Moon, how he's been documenting the possibilities of societies, infinitely larger in scope and prior to Brandon Stanton. I said that Chris Marker died on some date, and Vincent Moon was born the day after. Though he records music performances, the video itself contains vast knowledge, of urban planning, of space, of societies. Then I remembered there was a song I forgot. It was an uplifting one like "i" by Kendrick Lamar. The dream ended at the beginning of that. It had a little dance, a step to it.

--
Tried sleeping outside yet again because when I arrived at NTU I was too tired. Even with rain there are mosquitos, but it seems the wind messes with their patterns, similar to how fans do. It wasn't too bad being near a natural window in which wind blew through. Later, I moved to the bathroom, which was warmer, had an oscillating fan, and no mosquitos, nearly no bugs. It was perfect, except the people that come at 6am to piss.

10/4
Tried sleeping outside again, this time with before the storm kind of weather, hoping that this would get rid of mosquitos. Nope. Still all around. Somehow, they either bite through my silk liner or get in there, attacking my feet. Maybe there's a hole in it. The sleeping bag helped fend them off, but covering my face with the silk liner is really uncomfortable. I need a mosquito net, or a tent with one. What to do? Sleep from 6am to 2pm? Spend nights at warmer convenient stores? That would force me to use the computer to find jobs, as opposed to simply meeting people, creating jobs, or joining people. Not good. The poverty trap is real. 15 days left.

I had a long day dream of being in Tainan, attending NCKU, telling my class of my desired directions (social and urban ends, using the school for the tools and methods of creating), living outside of the exclusive school and not doing anything there until it becomes inclusive, and later, basically re-creating New York with cooperative learning of skill events, art events, and personal social and urban intervention projects for school.

9/4
Two long day dreams:
1. ?

2. One of working at a hostel in Taipei to simply make enough money to get by, then working for a longer period of time because the environment was good for my health, learning languages, cooking food for everyone, trying new Taiwanese dishes everyday, studying languages, having conversations, providing travel advice. After a month, the hostel ranks the highest for that month in reviews. The hostel owner had to extend her vacation, so I kept going. I had full control of the hostel. I hired two old ladies as maids, reduced the price of the hostel, made that money back selling food. I was close to the first group of guests, treated them well. They said I should open my own hostel. I said I didn't like selling accommodation, it feels as if I'm taking money that people worked for, simply for a place to stay, to survive. They said it's ok, people find work they enjoy, and it seems this is what you enjoy. One of the old maids passed away. I asked a Taiwanese traveler to look over the hostel for a few days as I attend her funeral ceremony. The hostel owner decides to stay elsewhere and gives me the hostel. The end. I guess I'd continue work for some time, allow my family and friend to visit and travel together, but I don't know what I'd do in that situation. Continue with the hostel?

8-9/4
Hmmm, 我今天感覺好爛, 我在主要的圖書館一直一直睡了. 雖然我想要出去外面曬太陽, 我沒辦逃出去. 好爛.

我現在還感覺很累, 不想要做事, 只要說話, 想一下, 之類. 騎腳踏車去吃飯, 圖書館, 其他的圖書館, 讓我更累, 也無聊. 我沒想跟人隨意的說話. 資本主義改變我的行為. 我現在很無聊. 好像這城市的人. 好慘. 我需要人. 跟他們一起做我想要做甚麼. 這是唯一以行的辦法. 超慘.

我現在只要聽這好聽的final fantasy的音樂.

7-8/4/16 [changing date format to d/m/y]
Idea / day dream about a film that captures capitalistic behavior, wherein the actions of the main character are determined by capitalism, at the climax doing something terrible because of it.

[missing another thought here]
--

Ugh, I've ran into the problem of Taiwanese people sticking to rules so many times while being homeless. These people really are retarded, in the real definition of the word. They have a learned disability. Their education has brainwashed them to the point of no return.

4/5
Surely missing some days between? I couldn't have been homeless without thumping he for that long!

Anyway, yesterday was pretty non-productive, which is okay, because it was a holiday, and it was beautiful. I woke up early, showered, ate, but charging my phone a the MRT just took too long, and when I got back to NTU I didn't work, instead I exercised. Then I was too pooped to work, so I slept.

I had some sleeping problems. 1. I can't sleep with mosquitos, and they are everywhere. I slept in three places. If I didn't have my cover I would have been bitten. Even though I had my cover, they were still annoying, buzzing near my ear. Then at dawn, there were more. 2. It was a tad bit cold, despite it being humid and warm outside. The floor was cold. One really needs to separate oneself from the floor. I slept during an optimal time: I showered and exercised, very healthy. Still, it was terrible sleep. So, it's best to sleep during the day, shower in the afternoon, eat in the evening, and use an OK mart at night. That's the best production schedule for a homeless person.

3/30
from a sheet of paper from yesterday night:
working for another vs creating capital?
  - creating capital, always. :)

to be creative within the area of a cog vs complete freedom
  - the cog makes balancing time and life easier, but limits creativity.

from an older sheet of paper on the back of the old study plan:
creating communities outside of capitalism.

encourage civic engagement, community solidarity against global capitalism, or capitalists, provide tools to communities

e-gov: provide urban data a la Action Path

create livable gazebos

less care for land / property [and the cost of materials], more nomadic

increase places to sleep -- railway station, 7-11, etc.
  - make cities livable, not unlivable

from an older sheet of paper on the back of the old study plan:
What I want to study is two-fold. One is to be a part of a class or group of people that uses material to create. Two is to be able to implement the tools in each society as needed. Three is to continue to self-study within human geography, environmental psychology, critical theory, etc.

I want to see a history of social and urban interventions.

I want methods to alter (or nudge) human behavior in the right direction.

I want to understand how Taiwan's social institutions -- government and non-government -- work. Some knowledge in land value, policies, police ideology, free capitalism, where wealth is generated (production sites), and the general hierarchy of capitalism (corporations and government).

How Taiwan's current ideology of school limits creativity (especially in media), innovation, economy, and so on.

Who's terrible urban plans were followed to make Gaoxiong like Le Corbusier's dreams? How does Taizhong's gangster economy work? Why are migrant workers stuck around the railway station purchasing high-cost meals? Why have aboriginals not learned how to brush their teeth after eating betel nut? Why do bikers not wear helmets? Why do people wear cheap, unsafe helmets? And so on.

How to get money to pay myself to solve these problems? The education of protest methods against those in power.

How those in power urbanize space with ancient ideas that ruin the environment, and the lives of the people in it. How communities can stand against it. How global capitalism alters human behavior, limiting what work is and could be.

Track e-government websites. Create more. Track forums (PTT) for civil conversation. And so on.

from "This is all we can understand of others" blog post:
To experience another's life, in addition to the economic and social influences, the latter impossible to experience, the former, difficult, there is the difference of space and time. To simple be with another person in their everyday life, is to be effected by the same urban and social influences of everyday life. This is something that can be experienced. Live through the shift of a subway repairman, a farmer, an office worker, an at-home technical support worker, a housewife, a maid, a baker, and one will, in addition to appreciate people more, understand the social and material forces at work. **This is all we can understand.**

Then, to gain an understanding of several people, one must alternate between living the lives of others -- their work and their social relations. The greater the amount and diversity of lives experienced, the better on's perception of social reality is. **This is a method of understanding**, but it is temporary, because memory is.

Then, retaining the memory of the experiences with people, one must create something that would be beneficial to the greatest amount and diversity of people,\.

Then, one should repeat the process [of experiencing and creating]. **This is the way of building a more inclusive society and environment**.


Whoa! I need to pull out blank sheets of paper more often.
--

3/28
Creating comfortable places blog post. I wrote it in Wordpress on my phone, but my last edit was not saved. Need to use full website to check an old revision of it still has the data.

3/27
Woke up well slept, ate well, went out, thinking. It was a huge daydream, first of working with MIT poverty lab in Gujarat, India -- letting Dhannanjay choose a scooter because MIT was going to give me one for the 8 week gig, and I planned to continue work in Nepal with Himal. Just a blur of telling my family members that were in India that politics are silly and I do not care for it (Narendra Modhi, etc.), and my criticism of conducting social "science" in India, and trying to help slums --, second of a performance and long speech at Sheetal's wedding -- the first bit of the speech was about how Asian women affected me, then onto memories of Sheetal chronologically, comparisons of Dollyben and my Mom, mixing in deep philosophic writing, some local quotes and experiences I had in Gujarat, growing up in America, and not forgetting my past, ending with a more literary bit, dense, thoughtful, imagery and philosophy, like Calvino; the second bit was supposed to be short stories and essays, but the first essay in film and my family took all the time of thought: it began with me mentioning my education from film, and how Sheetal shares a love for out, whether it is for education or not, then on to a local film theatre where Kaushik Kaka used to watch films, gained some habits from, which Sheetal and my Dad share, then to how I watched Pacino films, notably The Godfather series, with Kaushik Kaka, Sergio Leone films [perhaps I'm Toshiro Mifune? Or Kurosawa himself] with my dad, how these characters and their actors share characteristics with my family, and Don obviously being the godfather, then back to Sheetal, mentioning that she is the person I've watched the most amount of films with, which at that time in my life, was the way (mode, medium) I consumed life, making her the person I've lived with the most.

3/25
From suburb to Taipei city, I am restricted of my creativity. Commutes are a terrible non-sensical experience, that somehow lacks experience, lacks life. The mind is dead during the space between. The mind becomes habituated to only work in the places at the ends. This goes against normal human nature, against creativity. To create is to constantly think within the time and space one lives in, therefore, it is natural to live and do things in the same space, in this case, the suburbs. The suburbs is a beautiful home when the mind wanders in it. The problem is that the mind is in the city.

3/24 (most recent on top)
Taipei feels lifeless without that bit of cash to afford me to be in a social space, especially when it rains, or, perhaps, only when it rains, as the rain suffocates me of the social air.

Reminds me of San Francisco or New York on a dreary day, after computer work, heading home. What a waste of life that was.
--

Broke and no free STD clinic to be found. Oh how has life come to this? My ideals and anti-capitalist mode of life is surely being contested, lol.
--

Buses, and most public transportation is suffocating because it doesn't allow one to freely experience the world. It limits the person to what's inside the cabin. And more often, because everyone is habituated to individually interact with their devices, the society in the cabin pressures one to solely interact with one's devices.

This used to be okay, when my interaction was mostly through devices for the long commutes from San Francisco to Foster City, but that was long ago, and that doesn't suffice anymore.
--

3/17
Today the sun came out, and it was warm in the morning. After sleeping so much during the day yesterday in the bright white light of the library, I woke up early today. It felt great. I felt that I slept well, then ate well, then biked a lot. I wandered freely from NTU to NanjiShichang. I was able to experience the world again for the moment. Why stop? Why not continue? Why did I come back to a library? This is silly. Habit.

I had an important thought: bad weather annihilates space in one's perception. When it is raining, only what within line of sight is experienced. Indoor areas become highlighted. Also, if one feels cold, then one feels the air less. When it is clear and sunny, everything has an equal opportunity of being experienced. Combined with view of a long distance, then the everything within that view becomes a playground for one's mind. The perception of space is altered greatly by weather.

from "Railroad Space and Railroad Time" blog post:
What can be accessed or experienced publicly, or at least affordably, also becomes the tools or space with and in which people create. "I recently visited an arts university, after being disappointed by their new media department's graduate student and public rooms, which were simply bland offices and computer labs. I then strolled over to the building next door: the crafts and design department. On the first floor they had a two wood workshops, on the second, a metal workshop, a jewelry workshop, and some other little workshops. My mind blazed with ideas which involved using them, and bringing friends and hanging out within the spaces."

thoughts from a recent paper:
games inspired by Taiwan's culture. Essays a la games. Game essays.***** Can mix text, film, sound too. Should be philosophical, or simply, essayistic, that is, about something.
--

A recycling woman sits outside the 7-11 I sit in, smokes, pulls a cardboard box from her cart and places it behind her. Why is she outside, and me inside? The 10 kuai I used to pay for the cheapest foodstuff? One doesn't even need to buy anything from a 7-11 to enter it, and often in Taiwan, to sit in it for long periods of time.

She lays down. Well, one can't sleep in that comfortable fetal position in a 7-11.

I've been there. Bad sleep, uncomfortable weather, bad diet, lack of exercise, lack of bath (and absorbed water), and exhaustion. Being homeless is like hiking forever, without gear.
--

Industrialization vs self-cooking? Efficiency vs health? Need space, equipment, time, and proximity (well, can pack food) to cook.
--

from a tiny paper:
Need hostel-like environment to think and act. Without it, I become lazy.
--

3/11
For once, I feel like accumulating a little capital to build a comfortable home, to survive the change in temperature, the winds, the walks, using the computer to communicate and to generate wealth a la programming. The public is harsh, abiding to their cultured ideas, unwilling to accept new ones. CouchSurfing, voluntary associations, and perhaps entire cities alike. I am best alone, comfortable. The time to actively understand the Other will reappear, but for now, I must survive, stockpile a few gold pieces for the next adventure.
To organize.
    To dream beyond what’s near.
        Before I actualize my dreams again.
--

It feels great to be around such lively people -- it reminds me of my travels, always talking, always fun, always learning, always doing.
--

from an old sheet of paper:
desire to create a school, with departments (directions) I choose, readings, a mix of: D&T, philosophy, urban planning, social interventionism. I imagined it in an abandoned building, but can it be imagined in actual spaces in the city?

media vs mentor

nothing to explore? or lost mental activity? lost desire to better society, relationships, people.

3/10
This bit was transcribed from a paper written at 7-11 to nights ago, see "Romanticism at a 7-11" essay on my blog:
Walk around Taiwan, especially small towns, asking for work / gigs, part-time and/or contract. Focus on natural, small towns. Be peaceful. Use phone to read and write, and, at times, make film essays. Wonder. Create. Freely. Need only enough money for another flight, then, to pay back Baozi.

Can take a train from Taipei to the next small town. Or, I can walk through Taipei. I need to make a route to douliu, catching small towns, walking less through the lengthy roads in between, at least, until I pay back my debts. I will need to rest, make a sign, put things in my small backpack. Too hot? Too tiring? Maybe skip to a less humid area?

Learn to use 591 vs meet people physically during travels? Without hostels to help, is it possible? Try other sites? Craigslist? Then to Lanyu?

Any job is possible iwth this peaceful state of mind -- slow mind, steady livin', steady work, no desire for change? Isn't that the suburban state of mind? A zombie even before modernity? I need more information, experience, reality -- the whole.

The titles of a thought revisited and now thought and written:
Criticism of Creative Industries:
An application about eating together: Bourgeoisie trying to retract from conspicuous consumption (eating out) via a phone application. Contrarily, much of Taiwan's economy comes from the service sector, such as small restaurants, especially food vendors.

A design for myopia drivers: Straight-forward problem-solving.

A game about a local park: Game for culture appreciation, not too dissimilar to my Jiufen idea, in idea, not product.

A design for displaying local event information on one walks up and down stairs: Adding information to everyday places. Information overload / distraction?

Criticism of Urban Planning:
Most are standard linking of streets to cultural sites.

One neat thing I saw was a multi-analysis, kind of like multiple lens: 1. disaster prevention (safety analysis), 2. commercial (economic) analysis, 3. eco-network (ecological) analysis.

coffee micro industry
new old traditional market area in Tainan

All of the designs seem top-down, not understanding the area physically enough to take small steps toward achieving these ideal designs.

2/22
Thought transcribed from a paper:
Need own space to think, or, city / public space

A very recent thought transcribed from paper;
Music has destroyed thought.
Sedentarism has destroyed the body and habituated the mind to consume media as opposed to consuming the world.
I am not questioning the world, society, people, people's actions, people's mind.
I have accepted the beliefs of the societies around me.
I am at the laziest period in life.
I must question it all again.
I must write the process of how I overcome sedentarism, so that I avoid this in my future.
Tea and books (shifts in time) vs constant shifts in real space.

2/18
While walking to the campus, I stumbled upon an old market, many full of stolen or found goods, old people, cheap food. It felt great, homely. It triggered the thought of living in such a place, because it is ideal: narrow streets, people, walking -- as opposed to the noisy traffic just beyond.

It then triggered a long thought about the slum behind my parent's house in India. Of living there, within it, to organize, develop and apply civil engineering, cooking a healthy diet, teaching people how to self-educate themselves via books -- dealing with a nearby good bookstore, building a map for the community to the library, park, farms, and so on, to develop a heme for the community.

And with that thought I knew design was not for me. I desire development, community development, urban planning. That is my daily practice, work. That is the experience, not solely communication, which academia solely is. The curriculum must be practiced

I thought about India, the travels in Taiwan, different areas, when walking through that side street. I think of the neighborhoods, because it is easy to mentally create a map. Large buildings fail to be mapped.

Maybe I just want to live in that kind of community. I just want to live again, casually talk to all kinds of people, and take care of them.

2/16
At the school I am faced with that exclusive feeling, that I am not a part of the real world, of what happens in the city or country. Instead, in this comfortable building. How can anyone think of anything other than their own higher culture in such a place? I don't need school, I just need time and money, that's why I chose school, just a method of funding myself. But isn't Kickstarter better? Some kind of venture funding?

I need to be on the streets of Taipei, Yilan, Taidong, the places in between, scootering endlessly, creating for the people, without that distance, becuse any kind of design will never be useful to those people.

I need to keep living, practicing everyday life. Wandering, interacting with people, finding good people, doing things with them, then, with this as my day experience, create at night, my own works -- philosophy, design, art, etc. The experience is in everyday life, waking up with a book, walking around my locality, creating at every moment. Life is void in these hallow spaces in buildings.
--

I don't desire to create or design much, I just want to work toward useful, functional, survival: building houses for people, altering culture to be more safe and less wasteful, building better places. Punishment  of capitalism will likely appear again when I'm in the city, in the rat race, or when I'm even in isolation thinking of the world. I just have to be a part of the world again, talking to anyone nearby, understanding their lives and predicament. Being isolated in a higher class school is a terrible feeling. Fucking capitalism is preventing me from taking action. I need some wealth to take action beyond communication.
--

Todo topics from yesterday:
Thoughts on school organization vs city
Take picture of urban planning
  - write thoughts
  - Nearby planning and building?
Criticism of student work at creative industries
Criticism of student work at urban planning
Apply in person? Admissions office have a printer?

Thoughts on school organization vs city:
Why do schools (or social institutions) organize? Should they be physically organized? Why not live seperately and communicate through media? Spatial factor?
  - read the ideal school at the bookstore




1/15



1/23
I said to take some time to do our things and communicate through FB. She agrees.

I said we've been procrastinating too much. She said only I have. It's true.

I need to do things, move, talk, again.

I need a space in the city, then find the right people, then do things with them. It's city life over again, as opposed to a solitary one. Changing the culture from one to the other really requires one to socialize, to forget everything and join a culture, follow them. It's silly. I need to remember to just keep reading. Maybe check the news at times to be active.

1/22
Well, Taipei isn't necessary, it it? I should compare it with living in the cozy homestay in Taidong. But isn't that the same as living in the cozy homestay in Yilan? I don't tire easily from media. I could communicate through media for a long period of time, but eventually, I do need people.

I second guess Taipei. It isn't necessarily Taipei that is enticing, it's Taiwan. I like being in Taiwan. It doesn't matter where on the island my abode is, it's the fact that I can go anywhere and work anywhere on it. That's the main feeling. I must'nt trap myself in Taipei. There are many ways to live in Taiwan: farm, construction, books, urban plan, social organizing, local government organizations.
--

Simon and Tina live a very normative life. They've isolated themselves into the 9th floor of a bland apartment building in a bland area of a bland city. Their information is restricted to media. They spend a lot of time in the house. How much time is spent thinking about the world? Beyond car repair, baby care, and work? It's frightening. Simon still watches YouTube videos to keep alive, but it's merely staying alive. The private sphere is strong. There isn't much thought put into the environment around, the neighborhood, city, people around. It's the suburbs, but in an Asian style.

Gaoxiong is frightening. A circle of huge apartment complexes and large parks from a Le Cobursier dream or Sim City 2000. No thought into others, other's places, and the space between. There is no mental map of the surrounding area, the map is created through media: a few spots on a map, but the things in between are indiscernible, forgettable.

It is only under this condition can one think about working in another city, Tainan or Bangkok. One must be seperate from one's surroundings. Not have a sense of place beyond the private sphere of the house.
--

Simon reminds me of my childhood, eager to play video games, but even more restricted, as he still watches Hollywood films, endears pixelated graphics, and enjoys comic books. It misses all social problems: culture, economic, urban, multiple cultures, etc. Perhaps the worry of surviving -- raising a child and accumulating enough capital -- are enough responsibilities to consume the mind's time.
--

她說她有兩個東西：1。她想我。2。太愛我。

我會說了，我們已經聊了天，我當然也想也愛她。

But I haven't thought about it. I only said it. I haven't taken it in. I haven't rationalized it. It just exists, as a matter of fact.

2/9
From an email to myself:
What to tell her? What do I think about her?

Well, I enjoy spending time with her. I think she's open and up for anything, willing to learn, without the worries of other people.

But would she ever qualify as a life partner? We don't intellectually meet. Her knowledge comes from games, and doesn't go to a broader audience. Her knowledge is really limited to it, and perhaps so are her interest, although, she seems interested in anything when I'm around, soaking in the world.

Should a partner allow the other to bloom? What is it that I want in a relationship? Just someone beside me? Or, someone I can argue reality with, take action, and repeat? When I become an active person again, will she matter?

Tomorrow:
Tell her, I avoided being physical because I didn't want to give off the wrong vibes again -- it's a cultural difference. Yet, tell her I like spending time with her because she is active, fun, willing to do anything, and probably willing to learn anything.

Yet, her education and culture has limited her greatly, following rules. She would change a lot if she hung out with me, and I don't know if that's what she wants.

1/21
Thoughts while listening to music on the train to Gaoxiong:

So many thoughts: need to keep body in shape to do things. Listen to music to ignore the world and create, forgetting about the other, politics, society: creativity is work. Parkour, dancing, singing philosophic songs, adding new media to Taiwan's tourism, add information to reality via RFID signs, hiding data behind reality, as opposed to using media to recreate media. It's the exploration of reality, and then using digital tools to gain information behind it.

At the cafe, I checked some work exchange gigs. I don't mind, but I need money. It seems better to place myself in a place with potential, and simply utilize capitalism to gain wealth: teach, or something nearby. It isn't worth spending time with others if my work goes into the urbanization of another's venture. Now is the time to try Taipei again. Just 3000 per month for an apartment, and 600 per teaching hour. It doesn't matter where, because Taipei is my playground. Yes.

1/20
[was a todo list]

1/19
In Like Father, Like Son, I observed the amount of rules for the kids differed greatly. What is the optimal amount of rules / freedom? Also, Koreeda is amazing at recreating the acts of children in many of his films.

1/18
Night:


1/17
After conversation at Yunlin cafe:
Somewhat come to the conclusion that we simply chose to do things (experience) as opposed to talking. Why talk? Why go to a cafe? It's much faster to learn through media [time compression].+ Talking often is does not lead to an experience. It's non-empirical. One requires much experience, then can talk.

Therefore, for that period of time, it is simply best to experience media together, travel together, in order to experience together. To make talking an experience itself, one must be able to talk, create, meaningfully communicate -- like a good conversation with a friend, like traveler's stories, like a good narrative.

By making the decision, voluntarily or involuntary, to not talk, we avoid developing relationships. We experience, learn, but don't have long or normative intimate relationships.

Is talking required to develop a relationship?+ Can't one be content to simply live together? To experience together?

That is why my best relationships are with good roommates: it is efficient, I maximize experience by being able to choose at which time to share experiences.

We both also fail to see the signs of other people.

We both also fail to know or care about what others think of us.

We are busy people, no time for care. Or, maybe, I want to care about society and culture as a whole, as opposed to personal relationships.+++

I asked her why go farm in Jinmen or Taizhong. She says it's an experience, there's a good person she met. I said Taiwan culture differs from American, in that Taiwanese people are able to experience different places and work -- school, work, abroad, etc.+ Americans often stay in the same area and consume media, or hop cities. There is more organization in social relationships and the city. This is lacking in Taiwan culture. People are able to wander and work freely without much care for the actual work. It isn't about altering society, it's just having an experience. There is no desire to organize. Just to live, to experience: to eat, to work different places. No art, philosophy, social organization, etc. It's to live and create in the place and time and culture. It's a major difference between eastern and western cultures.

Before bed:
1. Involuntarily held her hand; Involuntarily told her I don't need a hand heater but still want her hand. Involuntary movement is the habituation of / socialization into a culture. It is to act within a culture without thought. Relationships rely on shared culture. I've adapted to her, but it is only momentarily. I desire to live differently, of another culture, of my own, that very few people can imagine or have lived through.

2. She said a couple at a hostel spends a short period of time walking and talking together everyday. It seems like a good idea, to spend a short period of time talking everyday. The rest of their time can be allocated to other things, then can use the time to talk. Is that all a relationship consists of? To talk a little? Or, more generally, to spend time with each other (within or without the same space).

    In Like Father, Like Son, the more experienced father says to the less experienced father that all a father can do is spend time with their kid, nothing can replace that.
    
3. During a scene in Like Father, Like Son, where the more playful kids interrupt adults, she said she would kill the kids. I said I wouldn't mind. I mentioned the time we walked at a night market, kids were blocking pedestrian traffic, and she and he both said they want to kill the kid. I said it's okay.
    
    At the fine art museum, she said she hates when institutions are overly restrictive with touching things and being quiet. How many rules are required, and what is, if there is, the optimal amount of rules to raise a child?

1/15
Taizhong day 2:
Talked some more. I was finally able to resolve the love triangle problem: I (and she) have some time off to find my own way then contact her. She asked me whether I wanted to help her or like her. It took me some time and crying to answer the question. I initially liked her as a person, even before the day she appeared drunk and hungry desiring kimchee. On the day we made-out, she was crying about her relationship problem, so of course I just wanted to help and avoided much sajiao. The day after at the park, after much thought, I came to the conclusion that I like her (maybe that day or the day after). On the third day, she drank again, sajiao too much, and I, rationally or unrationally agreed, agreed to have sex.

I thought I screwed up by entering the relationship [on day 3{?} by agreeing to have sex], because neither of us are ourselves in Yilan, and we don't know each other much. At first I was afraid she was a standard Taiwanese person, who cares about famous foods and travel. Then, I was simply afraid that once I continue my life I won't have time for a girlfriend. Especially one that desires to engage in shallow activities. But then, somehow, I figured that in the future, in a city with work, I could imagine being with her, and it not being a problem. Somehow the culturally restricted Taiwanese girl disappeared, and to replace it, a city girl came.

We also has some good conversations: about cold-blooded people avoiding relationships because they fear that they will and/or that their heart will be broken.+++

Another cold blooded
--

Today at the museum, she found it boring, desiring interactive arts. Perhaps her fondness of rummy was a hint at this. She also mentioned that in Lanyu she was able to teach without restriction, using whatever media she had to get the students to express themselves. The kernel of an artist exists.

But she is restricted by social spheres, her boyfriend's environment and Taiwan culture. It is difficult to develop, but if the desire is strong enough, one will either do the most in the existing environment, or, move on.

1/12
在真安的車子後面 / 我們跟小角剛吃飯在原住民的餐廳吃了午餐了：

見面了原住民餐廳老闆，她用生態的辦法做飯，蓋房子：木薪火，河水，石頭，野葉。 Her restaurant is good, but it survives off of capitalism. The people who work there only know how to work there, nothing more. It's extremely simple. She also does cultural exchange, builds houses which take half a year to make. To spend that much time building a house may be a display of the slowness and simplicity of such a life. It's possible that during the process of building one lives much life, thinking, especially of one has media, or people to talk to, but, if the people are of the same culture, there may not be much thinking going on, just the communication of others. There's so much focus on communication as opposed to novel thinking. It's a problem.

Even today, I thought about how much she talked about touristy things: famous restaurants, existing things in Taiwan (places, culture, materials for buildings, tourism, etc.), prices. There's no creativity. It's simply following other cultures. It's neither design nor philosophy. It's merely living in a different culture. There's no creativity in that

The creativity derives from having an experience whist living. Having some kind of goal and finishing it, and repeating the process. Thinking about what to do, and even if one does not do it, the thinking itself is creativity.

When one lives (in a culture?) one thinks. Most merely live in the culture, but isn't it natural to progress? To move from a less developed culture to a highly developed one? Doesn't one get bored of a culture? Desire to consume more? And later, to create a better society? Medicine, civil, technology, education, access to it all, equality, freedom, etc.? Doesn't one desire a better life? Especially for the sake of raising a family? Doesn't one desire to create? Doesn't one desire to create a better environment?

1/11
Perhaps at the hostel in Hualien:
Taiwanese people, including her, can live so simply. If something materially is missing, one only needs to go to a convenience store to buy it: a small towel, a pair of clothes, etc.

Is it possible to be so close to another person, without sharing a culture? When one's culture, world-view are so distant?

Passing by the beautiful scenery of Taiwan on a lazy rainy day. The car restricts thought, action, communication. Reminds me of commutes to and from school: what a waste, of time and wealth. Without being close to the people that live here, without communicating with them, one is only a passer-by, very distant at understand them. To understand another culture must one share social, economic, and linguistic spheres?

Passing by so much -- humans, minds, nature -- but unable to reap the benefits. Travel is impossible, but furthest from a car.

Taipei is the closest, because it is closest to the humans, the artificial. There's so much available to the public sphere. Though the rest of Taiwan offers nature, it's only in the cities and small towns where one really encounters much culture. Culture is a product of people: nature affects the minds of people, not culture.
--

There's still much distance between this kind of travel and the way I normally live. Yet, the distance between the people I know, her, is closer. I don't think I can stand it, because it distances me from the rest of the world, the other. I would rather think about everyone else than a single culture.+

We watched two films, and no one really cares for the characters in the film, compared it to reality, or had some deep care for the other. Not even trying to understand their view.+

Sometimes I think about others so much that I forget to live, within a culture.++

This fits well into critical theory.
--

Passing by the east coast of Taiwan is completely different because it isn't me alone, talking to others.+ And I don't have material: history, current, places, things, culture.

I don't have the information to determine how the people's lives came to be: their culture, economy, social spheres. It's all required to understand people and their actions, and furthermore, what's needed in society to help it.+

1/10
Night after first day of volunteer work, at the school:
Wasn't able to sleep after talking to her again.

坐車對我擔心。在場地，下車以後，我覺得好了。那經驗跟開始旅行很好像。

我第一次來施工地點，我覺得，hmmm，他們工作很亂，好像我看過的台灣的工作。這是他們的文化。太多人，太多學生，人一直吃飯，太多人懶惰。

後來我思考了，我想了如果我可以選擇要不要台灣的工作道德，我會選台灣的文化。工作比較滿滿的，可能亂的，可是誰可以參加，經驗工作。大部分的工作超容易，可是人需要機會經驗。台灣的文化很sharing，照顧。

工作的時候，我看到了，年輕，老，女男，都可以工作：有平等待遇。也很信任者。義務工作者可以用工具，打破東西。老闆絕對的沒有問題。很亂，沒有問題。人人應該自己試試看。

這是台灣的工作道德。這是台灣的文化：平等待人，sharing，照顧者，positive (never looks down upon people)，有幫助的，積極的。

我記得為什麼我愛台灣，為什麼我在台灣。

我覺得的土木工程好棒，只要很好的天氣，我覺得我可以做。 土木跟公共衛生最重要。總是有這個工作。 只想要好吃的東西，熱的天氣，好看的地方：台灣都有。

1/?
Sometime recently:
Next casual talk: tell her that I am quite different than I am in Yilan. This is the most laziest and relaxed I've been in my life. When I leave, I will change, want to create, work, do things. I'm really interested in certain kinds of work: NGO, politics, philosophy, sociology. Then, I don't know if I will have time to give to the relationship. I always put more time toward work, whether it is work for money, art, or volunteer.

Tell her that I love her now, but am very sorry if in the future, things do not work. I shouldn't have fucked her. Tell her that. [said few days later]
--

12/4


12/3
Slept after a long day traveling. After waking up, I kept dreaming of her, creating future ideas in the form of actions with her. We went out to Yilan city during the day, with a city-packed schedule, read her Chinese books together and talked at a park, then worked on the computer at a cafe.

Before coming back to the hostel, our last day, I stopped on the scooter, turned around facing her. I gave her some presents for all the holidays that have passed. 提醒了她真美，真聰明，真獨立，你想要作，可以想要作。 I asked if I could kiss her, for all the times she 煩 me. I gave it my best. I thanked her 「謝謝，山豬」。 I wished her the best, 「祝你快樂一點」。 After some face time, she responded by trying to kiss back, which I blocked with my hands on her face, inches away. I said 「請你休息一下，信譽，想一下」。

I can't really think of much else. But I guess when I thinking of philosophy, I'm not thinking of much either, my blog posts are short.

12/2
Played with, or was played by a girl. What should I have done different? Should I have left her alone to talk with her friends through Facebook? Bring her water, ask if everything is okay, then leave? Yeah, probably. She would have been fine. Now there's the possibility I messed with our friendly relationship. We'll see tomorrow.

Turns out I really suck at foreplay. Or, I have at least a little self-control, and decided not to do anything, which translates into being stuck, three-quarters-in-control one-quarter-play, allowing her to touch my face, never going beyond, and me only touching to hold her back. I could have at least practiced some play, at least show that I can play, so that she'd back off.

Perhaps my non-commitment in life shows in relationships, and even in foreplay. I stay reserved, stoic, romantic. It's probably appears very unromantic.

If I had money, was just traveling, would it be the same? No. I really wouldn't care for the person as much. I'd be interested in work, critical theory, helping people. I was caught (stuck) with this girl, because I really like her. I could have played much better if I didn't have my financial constraints.

By I like her I mean she's a good person. Good, being that undefinable adjective used by Plato. She's good in the greatest sense of that word, and that's worth being around. Sometimes the rationality is just that simple. It's worth being around good people, and helping them.

The reason she's stuck here is because of financial constraints. A seemingly male domination. When I saw what her boyfriend said, which he had previously and equally disgustingly said to his sister, I was as appalled as when I saw what my dad said to his servants in India. This feeling is almost the source  [of driving force] of my life.

She's much better, enjoys creativity, work, and fun; Her freedom is constrained. I adapted and socialized so much since I've been in Yilan, appreciating their simple and cheap lifestyle. Perhaps it's the critical part of me that attracts me. Knight helps a slave, to increase he freedom of another person. A simple rationality, despite my philosophic recent past. There's a potential that is lost, in her, in humans alike. And it is simply constrained by systems, economic or social, no different. It is unequal.

God, she is the most beautiful girl I've met (maybe exaggerrated by current feelings). She has it all.

The critical part is interesting though. How can a human be stuck with another human, without some kind of relationship, and when that relationship is dominant on one side, isn't it effectively inequality? When does it become dominant?* Did it start with domination? Don't males play male-dominating dating games with girls? What does an equal relationship look like? Aren't friends equals? Hence the difficulty of friends in relationships.

Is it as simple as treating animals? Training females (and other slaves) like pets?

Females can get jobs, so why not break and go with old friends, take a break, work elsewhere when one needs money.

In this case, there is a long relationship, something that I do not have experience of, so very likely, I cannot empirically understand.

I guess I will keep escaping inequality, and conversely, keep striving for equality.

Perhaps this is why artists create so many things about love: because they get a strong feeling and have the desire to express it. My love seems to be more like Plato's, which I haven't read, but simply, a love for those undefinable traits: equality, freedom, good.

I don't need a romantic (in the normative sense) human relationship to evoke that feeling, I've get enough of that from my nomadic lifestyle.

But it's nice to know that romantic human relationships can evoke that feeling.

??/?
看電影？不要。我想要看真實。寫那，電影不好，不真實，電影的文章比較好。

11/6
Completely detached from social life, as I was during my second time in San Francisco, and all of the time at my parent’s house. It’s the first time I went out of the hostel, to explore a little, then settle in a random area and use my computer. I almost feel like I could play a long video game and not care for life. Not good. Coming around to sell my junk online has really taken much longer than it should have. Perhaps the hostel made me too lazy, so lazy that I can’t even escape it. Perhaps I don’t care for capitalism, and focus on theory so much that I can’t do anything else. And the existence of media, access to internet, has allowed me to stay in it much longer than I should have. But it’s just media. No experience, and there’s few media that can relate to my past experiences, so, I need to move again. Go back to the city, or at least outside.

During my high times, I’d want to spend every moment with people in the direction I want to go, that was the process and goal, I’d never stop, talking or trying. But I could never get people to go toward my ideal directions. No one with the same ideals. All just merely living, working a capitalistic job. When I go out again, will I be a recluse in a city, or a socialite? The recluse is better because it holds my idealism. If I am too social, I will make poor decisions which may lead to nonsense capitalism, or even conspicuous consumption along with culture. The good thing is that it’s still Taiwan, a place where everyone is a gleaner. I can hold up, as a poor person, living in a tent, eating oatmeal. No problem. But my emotions may come up again, leading me toward more civil disobedience and wild art rather than slow tech progress of the city.

When I was in San Francisco and New York, I was still quite a recluse, eating oatmeal, dollar pizzas, cheap dumplings, but attending events by gifted people. I couldn’t participate in social life: bars, food, larger events. I stuck toward my ideals at nearly all times, only giving in a few times, even less than I would at home. Being in a cheaper country allowed me to participate in more things, with more people, and not worry so much of capitalism’s problems. That’s the great thing about Taiwan. I can be a part of the culture and not loathe myself.

But that’s the shallow view, once I think more deeper, these things won’t matter. Therefore, there is no reason to write anymore.

11/5
Watched Gleaners and I, it’s a simple film about human scavengers, waste (especially food), and ethics. Not complex at all; I’ve experienced it all before. One experiences it within the first day in a city.

I went out because it was the first sunny day in a long time. At 3:30pm, I left the hostel to head to an amazing waterfall, without much thought. Actually, the lack of thought was my thought. As I scootered the quite long way to the waterfall, I didn’t think much. Not reading a book, or thinking of some philosophical subject. I just went. Sometimes I’d get a thought from the city or nature, but not enough to take action. I’ll get into speaking Chinese in my mind, think about next actions, writing an application, packing, selling my equipment, but once I get to the hostel the feeling disappears. It wasn’t until I got to the waterfall, where from nature one can see the city, what man made, I thought a little more, but still comparatively far less than before. I’m not living. This isn’t life. I need to get out. It’s difficult. I think, it’s best to be nomadic at all times, or, live in a city.

11/1 - 11/4
Into the Wild book:
“The repugnance to animal food is not the effect of experience, but is an instinct. It appeared more beautiful to live low and fare hard in many respects; and though I never did so, I went far enough to please my imagination. I believe that every man who has ever been earnest to preserve his higher or poetic faculties in the best condition has been particularly inclined to abstain from animal food, and from much food of any kind….
It is hard to provide and cook so simple and clean a diet as will not offend the imagination; but this, I think, is to be fed when we feed the body; they should both sit down at the same table. Yet perhaps this may be done. The fruits eaten temperately need not make us ashamed of our appetites, nor interrupt the worthiest pursuits. But put an extra condiment into your dish, and it will poison you.
“YES,” wrote McCandless and, two pages later, “Consciousness of food. Eat and cook with concentration…. Holy Food.” On the back pages of the book that served as his journal, he declared:
I am reborn. This is my dawn. Real life has just begun[…]”
  - here, McCandless finally becomes conscious of everyday life-sustaining activities, of food, work, task, reading. His awareness changed toward his actions. He became aware of more. He created a philosophical base.

“I was under way, propelled by an imperative that was beyond my ability to control or comprehend.”
  - monomania is a good word for this too. I surely suffered from this too, with San Francisco, New York, and later travels, but that’s how travel works, you choose a single destination, and go.

“he Devils Thumb demarcates the Alaska-British-Columbia border east of Petersburg, a fishing village accessible only by boat or plane. There was regular jet service to Petersburg, but the sum of my liquid assets amounted to a 1960 Pontiac Star Chief and two hundred dollars in cash, not even enough for one-way airfare. So I drove as far as Gig Harbor, Washington, abandoned the car, and inveigled a ride on a northbound salmon seiner.”
  - wow, with very very little money, and enough sense to hitch a salmon boat

“I was working then as an itinerant carpenter, framing condominiums in Boulder for $3.50 an hour. One afternoon, after nine hours of humping two-by-tens and driving sixteen-penny nails, I told my boss I was quitting: “No, not in a couple of weeks, Steve; right now was more like what I had in mind.” It took me a few hours to clear my tools and other belongings out of the crummy job-site trailer where I’d been squatting. And then I climbed into my car and departed for Alaska. I was surprised, as always, by how easy the act of leaving was, and how good it felt. The world was suddenly rich with possibility.”
  - also has no problems leaving society, not worrying about it

“I was twenty-three, a year younger than Chris McCandless when he walked into the Alaska bush. My reasoning, if one can call it that, was inflamed by the scattershot passions of youth and a literary diet overly rich in the works of Nietzsche, Kerouac, and John Menlove Edwards,”
  - Jon Krakauer read Kerouac

“In July 1992, two years after Chris left Atlanta, Billie was asleep in Chesapeake Beach when she sat bolt upright in the middle of the night, waking Walt. “I was sure I’d heard Chris calling me,” she insists, tears rolling down her cheeks. “I don’t know how I’ll ever get over it. I wasn’t dreaming. I didn’t imagine it. I heard his voice! He was begging, ‘Mom! Help me!’ But I couldn’t help him because I didn’t know where he was. And that was all he said: ‘Mom! Help me!’”
  - this makes me worry very much about Mom

“As months passed without any word of Chris—and then years—the anguish mounted. Billie never left the house without leaving a note for Chris posted on the door. “Whenever we were out driving and saw a hitchhiker,” she says, “if he looked anything like Chris, we’d turn around and circle back. It was a terrible time. Night was the worst, especially when it was cold and stormy. You’d wonder, ‘Where is he? Is he warm? Is he hurt? Is he lonely? Is he OK?’”
  - mmm, Mom probably thinks in a similar way. Wow, years pass? Impossible, he’s only gone of two years. I’ve done a month though.

“In the spring of 1990, when Walt, Billie, and Carine attended Chris’s graduation ceremony, they thought he seemed happy. As they watched him stride across the stage and take his diploma, he was grinning from ear to ear. He indicated that he was planning another extended trip but implied that he’d visit his family in Annandale before hitting the road. Shortly thereafter, he donated the balance of his bank account to OXFAM, loaded up his car, and vanished from their lives. From then on he scrupulously avoided contacting either his parents or Carine, the sister for whom he purportedly cared immensely.
“We were all worried when we didn’t hear from him,” says Carine, “and I think my parents’ worry was mixed with hurt and anger. But I didn’t really feel hurt by his failure to write. I knew he was happy and doing what he wanted to do; I understood that it was important for him to see how independent he could be. And he knew that if he’d written or called me, Mom and Dad would find out where he was, fly out there, and try to bring him home.”
  - similar, but for me, there’s no chance that my parents would come and pick me up. I have no reason not to call. It’s just a feeling of being detached from society at the moment.

“What does she mean ‘whoever I’m with?” Chris railed at his sister. “She must be rucking nuts. You know what I bet? I bet they think I’m a homosexual. How did they ever get that idea? What a bunch of imbeciles.”
  - mmm, appears homo, but isn’t.

“Chris seldom contacted his parents that year, and because he had no phone, they couldn’t easily contact him. Walt and Billie grew increasingly worried about their son’s emotional distance. In a letter to Chris, Billie implored, “You have completely dropped away from all who love and care about you. Whatever it is—whoever you’re with—do you think this is right?” Chris saw this as meddling and referred to the letter as “stupid” when he talked to Carine.”
  - mmm, pressure from mother. Quite important though. I also didn’t have a phone, or, I chose not to use it. I still don’t.

“During his senior year at Emory, Chris lived off campus in his bare, spartan room furnished with milk crates and a mattress on the floor. Few of his friends ever saw him outside of classes. A professor gave him a key for after-hours access to the library, where he spent much of his free time.”
  - lol, spartan is a good word. Milk crates are quite functional, moveable pieces of furniture. Ah, escape to library and media. Hmm. Sounds like my escape to films for a real education.

“he grinding, dusty haul up the Alaska Highway was Chris’s first visit to the Far North. It was an abbreviated trip—he spent a short time around Fairbanks, then hurried south to get back to Atlanta in time for the start of fall classes—but he had been smitten by the vastness of the land, by the ghostly hue of the glaciers, by the pellucid subarctic sky. There was never any question that he would return.”
  - deadline of going back to school

“To his dwindling number of confreres, McCandless appeared to grow more intense with each passing month. As soon as classes ended in the spring of 1989, Chris took his Datsun on another prolonged, extemporaneous road trip. “We only got two cards from him the whole summer,” says Walt. “The first one said, ‘Headed for Guatemala.’ When I read that I thought, ‘Oh, my God, he’s going down there to fight for the insurrectionists. They’re going to line him up in front of a wall and shoot him.’ Then toward the end of the summer, the second card arrived, and all it said was ‘Leaving Fairbanks tomorrow, see you in a couple of weeks.’ It turned out he’d changed his mind and instead of heading south had driven to Alaska.”
  - lol. No phones at that time? Could have used a payphone. But indeed, less and less contact.

“As assistant editorial page editor of The Emory Wheel, he authored scores of commentaries. In reading them half a decade later, one is reminded how young McCandless was, and how passionate. The opinions he expressed in print, argued with idiosyncratic logic, were all over the map. He lampooned Jimmy Carter and Joe Biden, called for the resignation of Attorney General Edwin Meese, lambasted Bible-thumpers of the Christian right, urged vigilance against the Soviet threat, castigated the Japanese for hunting whales, and defended Jesse Jackson as a viable presidential candidate. In a typically immoderate declaration the lead sentence of McCandless’s editorial of March 1, 1988, reads, “We have now begun the third month of the year 1988, and already it is shaping up to be one of the most politically corrupt and scandalous years in modern history….” Chris Morris, the editor of the paper, remembers McCandless as “intense.”
  - one should be immoderate. Chris was right again.

“Chris’s seemingly anomalous political positions were perhaps best summed up by Thoreau’s declaration in “Civil Disobedience”: “I heartily accept the motto—‘That government is best which governs least.’” Beyond that his views were not easily characterized.”
  - a very general view, but fits my autonomism ideals

“That summer, Billie remembers, “Chris started complaining about all the rich kids at Emory.” More and more of the classes he took addressed such pressing social issues as racism and world hunger and inequities in the distribution of wealth.”
  - mmm, also did this earlier than me. Again, because I didn’t live in a city, or alone, away from my parent’s home bubble.

“Chris was the sort of person who brooded about things,” Carine observes. “If something bothered him, he wouldn’t come right out and say it. He’d keep it to himself, harboring his resentment, letting the bad feelings build and build.” That seems to be what happened following the discoveries he made in El Segundo.”
  - mm, I do this too, and I still think it’s right not to bother unless it makes a behavioral change to a large amount of people. One person’s problems can easily be ignored.

“Like many people, Chris apparently judged artists and close friends by their work, not their life, yet he was temperamentally incapable of extending such lenity to his father.”
  - I sure did judge artists by their work instead of their life, but coming from a large suburban house, that’s what probably normally happens, one has to consume media for an education

“Children can be harsh judges when it comes to their parents, disinclined to grant clemency, and this was especially true in Chris’s case. More even than most teens, he tended to see things in black and white. He measured himself and those around him by an impossibly rigorous moral code.”
  - mmm, Rorschach / Kantian moral code

“he summer between his sophomore and junior years Chris again returned to Annandale and took a job delivering pizzas for Domino’s. “He didn’t care that it wasn’t a cool thing to do,” says Carine. “He made a pile of money. I remember he’d come home every night and do his accounting at the kitchen table. It didn’t matter how tired he was; he’d figure out how many miles he drove, how much Domino’s paid him for gas, how much gas actually cost, his net profits for the evening, how it compared to the same evening the week before. He kept track of everything and showed me how to do it, how to make a business work. He didn’t seem interested in the money so much as the fact that he was good at making it. It was like a game, and the money was a way of keeping score.”
  - interesting to not care about the work and just get the money, as opposed to caring for all actions, including that which makes money
  - lol at the game analogy

“I saw Chris at a party after his sophomore year at Emory,” remembers Eric Hathaway, “and it was obvious he had changed. He seemed very introverted, almost cold. When I said ‘Hey, good to see you, Chris,’ his reply was cynical: ‘Yeah, sure, that’s what everybody says.’ It was hard to get him to open up. His studies were the only thing he was interested in talking about.”
  - focused on work, impact, not the bullshit American society, especially college society

“The summer after his freshman year of college, Chris returned to Annandale and worked for his parents’ company, developing computer software. “The program he wrote for us that summer was flawless,” says Walt. “We still use it today and have sold copies of the program to many clients. But when I asked Chris to show me how he wrote it, to explain why it worked the way it did, he refused. ‘All you need to know is that it works,’ he said. ‘You don’t need to know how or why.’ Chris was just being Chris, but it infuriated me. He would have made a great CIA agent—I’m serious; I know guys who work for the CIA. He told us what he thought we needed to know and nothing more. He was that way about everything.”
  - crazy, also developed computer software. Well maybe not, it’s work local to his parent’s house: DC.
  - also, Chris didn’t want to say more because it isn’t required to understand more. That would be a waste of time, of his, and, perhaps, of his father. Maybe. Perhaps just not interested in teaching, and prefers autodidact.

“To his parents’ pleasant surprise, as the school year stretched on, Chris seemed thrilled to be at Emory. He shaved, trimmed his hair, and readopted the clean-cut look he’d had in high school. His grades were nearly perfect. He started writing for the school newspaper. He even talked enthusiastically about going on to get a law degree when he graduated. “Hey,” Chris boasted to Walt at one point, “I think my grades will be good enough to get into Harvard Law School.”
  - crazy how school can swerve one toward a systematic direction

“During the course of his travels, Chris had acquired a machete and a .30-06 rifle, and when Walt and Billie drove him down to Atlanta to enroll in college, he insisted on taking the big knife and the gun with him. “When we went with Chris up to his dorm room,” Walt laughs, “I thought his roommate’s parents were going to have a stroke on the spot. The roommate was a preppy kid from Connecticut, dressed like Joe College, and Chris walks in with a scraggly beard and worn-out clothes, looking like Jeremiah Johnson, packing a machete and a deer-hunting rifle. But you know what? Within ninety days the preppy roommate had dropped out, while Chris had made the dean’s list.”
  - functional belongings are difficult to depart with
  - indeed, he’s serious about school

“So at first I didn’t say anything about the safety aspect. I played tennis with Chris, talked about other things, then eventually sat down with him to discuss the risks he’d taken. I’d learned by then that a direct approach—‘By God, you better not try a stunt like that again!’—didn’t work with Chris. Instead, I tried to explain that we didn’t object to his travels; we just wanted him to be a little more careful and to keep us better informed of his whereabouts.”
To Walt’s dismay Chris bristled at this small dollop of fatherly advice. The only effect it seemed to have was to make him even less inclined to share his plans.
“Chris,” says Billie, “thought we were idiots for worrying about him.”
  - mmm

“Near the end of his trip, it turned out, Chris had gotten lost in the Mojave Desert and had nearly succumbed to dehydration. His parents were extremely alarmed when they heard about this brush with disaster but were unsure how to persuade Chris to exercise more caution in the future. “Chris was good at almost everything he ever tried,” Walt reflects, “which made him supremely overconfident. If you attempted to talk him out of something, he wouldn’t argue. He’d just nod politely and then do exactly what he wanted.”
  - ah wow. I also had a few dangers: the ATV incident, and I still have to learn to swim.

“After leaving Virginia, Chris drove south and then west across the flat Texas plains, through the heat of New Mexico and Arizona, and arrived at the Pacific coast. Initially, he honored the agreement to phone regularly, but as the summer wore on, the calls became less and less frequent. He didn’t appear back home until two days before the fall term was to start at Emory. When he walked into the Annandale house, he had a scruffy beard, his hair was long and tangled, and he’d shed thirty pounds from his already lean frame.”
  - sounds like me after any trip, lol. The calling part is a problem too, but less so when I’m in a city.

“In 1986, on the sultry spring weekend that Chris graduated from Woodson High School, Walt and Billie threw a party for him. Walt’s birthday was June 10, just a few days away, and at the party Chris gave his father a present: a very expensive Questar telescope.
“I remember sitting there when he gave Dad the telescope,” says Carine. “Chris had tossed back a few drinks that night and was pretty blitzed. He got real emotional. He was almost crying, fighting back the tears, telling Dad that even though they’d had their differences over the years, he was grateful for all the things Dad had done for him. Chris said how much he respected Dad for starting from nothing, working his way through college, busting his ass to support eight kids. It was a moving speech. Everybody there was all choked up. And then he left on his trip.”
  - sounds like how I feel, but, I never said it directly to him.

“For children are innocent and love justice, while most of us are wicked and naturally prefer mercy.”
  - Chesterton

“When I mentioned the offer to Chris,” says Walt, “he wouldn’t even consider it. He told his boss that he had other plans.” As soon as high school was over, Chris declared, he was going to get behind the wheel of his new car and spend the summer driving across the country.”
  - sounds like my confidence after my first job

“In a matter of a few months, half a dozen other students were working under him, and he’d put seven thousand dollars into his bank account. He used part of the money to buy the yellow Datsun, the secondhand B210.”
  - my Mazda 3 was far more expensive purchase, but similar in that it was a compact, desired hatchback, and okay fuel efficiency

“Her son, the teenage Tolstoyan, believed that wealth was shameful, corrupting, inherently evil—which is ironic because Chris was a natural-born capitalist with an uncanny knack for making a buck. “Chris was always an entrepreneur,” Billie says with a laugh. “Always.”
  - mmm, capitalism as outlet and motivation for creativity as a kid. Sold vegetables and printer copies

“hey didn’t flaunt their modest wealth, but they bought nice clothes, some jewelry for Billie, a Cadillac. Eventually, they purchased the townhouse on the bay and the sailboat. They took the kids to Europe, skiing in Breckenridge, on a Caribbean cruise. And Chris, Billie acknowledges, “was embarrassed by all that.”
  - mmmm, I really shouldn’t have gone on that Caribbean trip. I was really old at that time. Very embarrassing for myself at that time, not so much for my family. That’s okay, I understood that they’re human.

“McCandless’s personality was puzzling in its complexity. He was intensely private but could be convivial and gregarious in the extreme. And despite his overdeveloped social conscience, he was no tight-lipped, perpetually grim do-gooder who frowned on fun. To the contrary, he enjoyed tipping a glass now and then and was an incorrigible ham.”
  - yeah, I enjoyed social life, but didn’t enjoy the norms of consumption of commodity, wasting wealth for fun. Nature is better.

“Chris brought home good grades,” says Hathaway. “He didn’t get into trouble, he was a high achiever, he did what he was supposed to. His parents didn’t really have grounds to complain. But they got on his case about going to college; and whatever they said to him, it must have worked. Because he ended up going to Emory, even though he thought it was pointless, a waste of time and money.”
  - mmm, a bit ahead of me here too. He actually thought of not going to college, whereas I didn’t think much of college but attended anyway. Though I care for social problems, I didn’t have the independence to learn how much a waste of money college is, also a waste of time.

“On one occasion Chris picked up a homeless man from the streets of D.C., brought him home to leafy, affluent Annandale, and secretly set the guy up in the Airstream trailer his parents parked beside the garage”
…
“On another occasion Chris drove over to Hathaway’s house and announced they were going downtown. “Cool!” Hathaway remembers thinking. “It was a Friday night, and I assumed we were headed to Georgetown to party. Instead, Chris parked down on Fourteenth Street, which at the time was a real bad part of town. Then he said, ‘You know, Eric, you can read about this stuff, but you can’t understand it until you live it. Tonight that’s what we’re going to do.’ We spent the next few hours hanging out in creepy places, talking with pimps and hookers and lowlife. I was, like, scared.
“Toward the end of the evening, Chris asked me how much money I had. I said five dollars. He had ten. ‘OK, you buy the gas,’ he told me; ‘I’m going to get some food.’ So he spent the ten bucks on a big bag of hamburgers, and we drove around handing them out to smelly guys sleeping on grates. It was the weirdest Friday night of my life. But Chris did that kind of thing a lot.”
  - mirrors my interest in homeless people, but in a rather different way. While I was into documenting them, or interviewing them, he was actually already taking actions, and he was a few years younger than me at that time. I only did that once I went to San Francisco. Though, the encounter with homeless people only occurred because I moved to a city, where I interact with them.
  - more direct actions

“On weekends, when his high school pals were attending “keggers” and trying to sneak into Georgetown bars, McCandless would wander the seedier quarters of Washington, chatting with prostitutes and homeless people, buying them meals, earnestly suggesting ways they might improve their lives.
“Chris didn’t understand how people could possibly be allowed to go hungry, especially in this country,” says Billie. “He would rave about that kind of thing for hours.”
  - not afraid of the inner city, and doesn’t understand human psyche, but trying to help. Also, living in America still doesn’t make sense how bad inequality is, or how people still do not have homes or food or how prostitution exists.

“McCandless took life’s inequities to heart. During his senior year at Woodson, he became obsessed with racial oppression in South Africa. He spoke seriously to his friends about smuggling weapons into that country and joining the struggle to end apartheid. “We’d get into arguments about it once in a while,” recalls Hathaway. “Chris didn’t like going through channels, working within the system, waiting his turn. He’d say, ‘Come on, Eric, we can raise enough money to go to South Africa on our own, right now. It’s just a matter of deciding to do it.’ I’d counter by saying we were only a couple of kids, that we couldn’t possibly make a difference. But you couldn’t argue with him. He’d come back with something like ‘Oh, so I guess you just don’t care about right and wrong.’”
  - mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, maybe the most affecting part for me. Wants to make a sociocultural difference, but not through a system. Direct intervention. It’s as simple as that: “It’s just a matter of deciding to do it”.

“He internalized the disappointment. He’d go off alone somewhere and beat himself up.
“It wasn’t just running Chris took so seriously,” Gillmer adds. “He was like that about everything. You aren’t supposed to think about heavy-duty stuff in high school. But I did, and he did, too, which is why we hit it off. We’d hang out during snack break at his locker and talk about life, the state of the world, serious things. I’m black, and I could never figure out why everyone made such a big deal about race. Chris would talk to me about that kind of thing. He understood. He was always questioning stuff in the same way. I liked him a lot. He was a really good guy.”
  - good diverse upbringing in suburban America

“He was really into pushing himself,” explains Gordy Cucullu, a younger member of the team. “Chris invented this workout he called Road Warriors: He would lead us on long, killer runs through places like farmers’ fields and construction sites, places we weren’t supposed to be, and intentionally try to get us lost. We’d run as far and as fast as we could, down strange roads, through the woods, whatever. The whole idea was to lose our bearings, to push ourselves into unknown territory. Then we’d run at a slightly slower pace until we found a road we recognized and race home again at full speed. In a certain sense that’s how Chris lived his entire life.”
  - hahaha this is amazing, reminds me of my biking explorations with friends on my street. It’s also creative and rewarding. Creative in constantly learning to find the quickest route possible, like parkour, and rewarding because one actually physically explores new areas, learning more of reality. It’s empirical, and fun.

“He tried his hand at many sports but had little patience for learning the finer points of any of them.”
…
“Chris had so much natural talent,” Walt continues, “but if you tried to coach him, to polish his skill, to bring out that final ten percent, a wall went up. He resisted instruction of any kind.”
  - no patience, or, does not care for mastering things. Not necessary. Understands it, then moves on. No need to waste time on the last 10%.

“A gifted French-horn player, as a teen he was a member of the American University Symphony but quit, according to Walt, after objecting to rules imposed by a high school band leader.”
  - always leaves because rules waste time.

“Their musical rivalry seems not to have damaged the relationship between Chris and Carine, however. They’d been best friends from an early age, spending hours together building forts out of cushions and blankets in their Annandale living room. “He was always really nice to me,” Carine says, “and extremely protective. He’d hold my hand when we walked down the street. When he was in junior high and I was still in grade school, he got out earlier than me, but he’d hang out at his friend Brian Paskowitz’s house so we could walk home together.”
  - :). Maybe I wouldn’t be a bad older brother?

“Walt grows quiet, staring absently into the distance. “Chris was fearless even when he was little,” he says after a long pause. “He didn’t think the odds applied to him. We were always trying to pull him back from the edge.”
  - edge of society.

“Much of the food he put on the table came from hunting—despite the fact that he was uncomfortable killing animals. “My dad cried every time he shot a deer,” Billie says, “but we had to eat, so he did it.”
  - mmm, good argument for vegetarian

“But there were good times, too. On weekends and when school was out, the family took to the road: They drove to Virginia Beach and the Carolina shore, to Colorado to visit Walt’s kids from his first marriage, to the Great Lakes, to the Blue Ridge Mountains. “We camped out of the back of the truck, the Chevy Suburban,” Walt explains. “Later we bought an Airstream trailer and traveled with that. Chris loved those trips, the longer the better. There was always a little wanderlust in the family, and it was clear early on that Chris had inherited it.”
In the course of their travels, the family visited Iron Mountain, Michigan, a small mining town in the forests of the Upper Peninsula that was Billie’s childhood home…”
  - family trips, yay

“At the age of two, he got up in the middle of the night, found his way outside without waking his parents, and entered a house down the street to plunder a neighbor’s candy drawer.”
  - age 2 or 4?

“Walt bought Billie a Gianini guitar, on which she strummed lullabies to soothe the fussy newborn. Twenty-two years later, rangers from the National Park Service would find that same guitar on the backseat of a yellow Datsun abandoned near the shore of Lake Mead.”
  - important belonging to go back for

“NEED FOR A PURPOSE” HAD BEEN WRITTEN
IN MCCANDLESS’S HAND IN THE MARGIN ABOVE THE PASSAGE.”
  - thoughts while reading book, grabbing knowledge, or organizing a book’s ideas which relate to my current thoughts / life

“Westerberg pawed through the files at the grain elevator until he found two W-4 forms McCandless had filled out. Across the top of the first one, dating from McCandless’s initial visit to Carthage, in 1990, he had scrawled “EXEMPT EXEMPT EXEMPT EXEMPT” and given his name as Iris Fucyu. Address: “None of your damn business.” Social Security number: “I forget.”
But on the second form, dated March 30, 1992, two weeks before he left for Alaska, he’d signed his given name: “Chris J. McCandless.” And in the blank for Social Security number he’d put down, “228-31-6704.” Westerberg phoned Alaska again. This time the troopers took him seriously.”
  - hahahaha, I do this at times too. Silly bureaucracy.

“The papar risked their lives—and lost them in untold droves—not in the pursuit of wealth or personal glory or to claim new lands in the name of any despot. As the great arctic explorer and Nobel laureate Fridtjof Nansen points out, “these remarkable voyages were … undertaken chiefly from the wish to find lonely places, where these anchorites might dwell in peace, undisturbed by the turmoil and temptations of the world.” When the first handful of Norwegians showed up on the shores of Iceland in the ninth century, the papar decided the country had become too crowded—even though it was still all but uninhabited. The monks’ response was to climb into their curraghs and row off toward Greenland. They were drawn across the storm-racked ocean, drawn west past the edge of the known world, by nothing more than a hunger of the spirit, a yearning of such queer intensity that it beggars the modern imagination.”
  - hmm, from Ireland to Iceland to a little island nearby, they physically kept escaping society

“Sleight believes that if Ruess had made it across the river alive and reached the reservation, it would have been impossible for him to conceal his presence “even if he was still playing his Nemo game. Everett was a loner, but he liked people too damn much to stay down there and live in secret the rest of his life. A lot of us are like that—I’m like that, Ed Abbey was like that, and it sounds like this McCandless kid was like that: We like companionship, see, but we can’t stand to be around people for very long. So we go get ourselves lost, come back for a while, then get the hell out again. And that’s what Everett was doing.”
  - yep, love people and talking, but need time away from society

“Half of the ten sunniest places on record are in the American southwest states of Arizona, Nevada and Texas.”
  - http://www.currentresults.com/Weather-Extremes/sunniest-places-countries-world.php
  - Travelers, especially campers, are attracted to the sun, just as I am in Asia. It’s no wonder they end up in the sunniest of places. I think McCandless made the mistake of going to a cold place.

“For two days I couldn’t tell whether I was dead or alive. I writhed and twisted in the heat, with swarms of ants and flies crawling over me, while the poison oozed and crusted on my face and arms and back. I ate nothing—there was nothing to do but suffer philosophically….
I get it every time, but I refuse to be driven out of the woods.”
  - hah, it reminds me of my sicknesses during travel. Mostly stomach viruses.
  - this is a quite silly decision, to not get poison ivy medicine, especially since it’s semi-annual.

“Ruess was just as romantic as McCandless, if not more so, and equally heedless of personal safety. Clayborn Lockett, an archaeologist who briefly employed Ruess as a cook while excavating an Anasazi cliff dwelling in 1934, told Rusho that “he was appalled by the seemingly reckless manner in which Everett moved around dangerous cliffs.”
…
“Indeed, Ruess himself boasts in one of his letters, “Hundreds of times I have trusted my life to crumbling sandstone and nearly vertical edges in the search for water or cliff dwellings. Twice I was nearly gored to death by a wild bull. But always, so far, I’ve escaped unscathed and gone forth to other adventures.” And in his final letter Ruess nonchalantly confesses to his brother:”
  - safety depends on the mind and body, not by policy. Here, I believe, Ruess was right. One cannot comprehend the infinite decisions that go on while climbing a mountain, it is dexterity, and only the adventurer understands their body enough to make those decisions.

“and hundreds of houses of the cliff dwellers, abandoned a thousand years ago.”
  - living in abandoned abodes! very good idea.

“I have always been unsatisfied with life as most people live it. Always I want to live more intensely and richly.”
  - mmm, intensely and richly.

“The beauty of this country is becoming part of me. I feel more detached from life and somehow gentler….”
  - I’ve felt this with Taiwan, but I didn’t feel detached from life until I became stuck inside a closed space. I’ve always felt close with the people of Taiwan, not just the country. The city and small towns, not pure nature. I’ve only felt detached when away from people: scooter trips and time not spent with friends or in public areas such as markets.

“…I have some good friends here, but no one who really understands why I am here or what I do. I don’t know of anyone, though, who would have more than a partial understanding; I have gone too far alone.”
  - his mind and interests are too far from society. Happens to me with philosophical thoughts, but now I’ve got e-books which help, some. I don’t have to be alone. I can talk to people using cellular data, real people or a medium of information.

“I have been thinking more and more that I shall always be a lone wanderer of the wilderness. God, how the trail lures me. You cannot comprehend its resistless fascination for me. After all the lone trail is the best…. I’ll never stop wandering.”
  - feels that he will never fit society, and simultaneously never stop wondering.

“At eighteen, in a dream, he saw himself plodding through jungles, chinning up the ledges of cliffs, wandering through the romantic waste places of the world. No man with any of the juices of boyhood in him has forgotten those dreams. The peculiar thing about Everett Ruess was that he went out and did the things he dreamed about, not simply for a two-weeks’ vacation in the civilized and trimmed wonderlands, but for months and years in the very midst of wonder….”
  - mmm, dreamed and did. Easy to get out of society.

“I had some terrific experiences in the wilderness since I wrote you last—overpowering, overwhelming,” he gushed to his friend Cornel Tengel. “But then I am always being overwhelmed. I require it to sustain life.”
  - sounds like me or Peter Pan at times

“At the end of the summer, Everett returned home only long enough to earn a high school diploma, which he received in January 1931. Less than a month later he was on the road again, tramping alone through the canyon lands of Utah, Arizona, and New Mexico, then a region nearly as sparsely populated and wrapped in mystique as Alaska is today. Except for a short, unhappy stint at UCLA (he dropped out after a single semester, to his father’s lasting dismay), two extended visits with his parents, and a winter in San Francisco (where he insinuated himself into the company of Dorothea Lange, Ansel Adams, and the painter Maynard Dixon), Ruess would spend the remainder of his meteoric life on the move, living out of a backpack on very little money, sleeping in the dirt, cheerfully going hungry for days at a time.”
  - similar to my short period at Parson’s, and love for city artists

“In Los Angeles, Everett attended the Otis Art School and Hollywood High. As a sixteen-year-old he embarked on his first long solo trip, spending the summer of 1930 hitchhiking and trekking through Yosemite and Big Sur, ultimately winding up in Carmel. Two days after arriving in the latter community, he brazenly knocked on the door of Edward Weston, who was sufficiently charmed by the overwrought young man to humor him. Over the next two months the eminent photographer encouraged the boy’s uneven but promising efforts at painting and block printing, and permitted Ruess to hang around his studio with his own sons, Neil and Cole.”
  - just do shit!

“the Ruesses were also a nomadic family, moving from Oakland to Fresno to Los Angeles to Boston to Brooklyn to New Jersey to Indiana before finally settling in southern California when Everett was fourteen.”

“It is true that I miss intelligent companionship, but there are so few with whom I can share the things that mean so much to me that I have learned to contain myself.”
  - mmm, not worth the cost of being a part of society

—
... as to when I revisit civilization, it will not be soon. I have not tired of the wilderness... It is enough that I am surrounded with beauty... This had been a full, rich year. I have left no strange or delightful thing undone I wanted to do.
  - a full year of experience! Amazing.

Everett wrote no books during his life, but was a lifelong diarist and sent home hundreds of letters.[16] His journals, art, and poetry were later published in two books
  - lifelong diarist. Keep on living, let someone organize the shit you think for you.

Starting in 1931, Ruess traveled by horse and burro through Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, and Colorado, the high desert Colorado Plateau. He rode broncos, branded calves, and investigated cliff dwellings, trading his prints and watercolors to pay his way. He explored Sequoia and Yosemite National Parks and the High Sierra in the summers of 1930 and 1933. In 1934, he worked with University of California archaeologists near Kayenta, took part in a Hopi religious ceremony, and learned to speak Navajo.
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everett_Ruess

--
“He was an extremely intense young man and possessed a streak of stubborn idealism that did not mesh readily with modern existence. ”

“Alex’s backpack looked as though it weighed only twenty-five or thirty pounds”

“Still, Gallien was concerned. Alex admitted that the only food in his pack was a ten-pound bag of rice. His gear seemed exceedingly minimal for the harsh conditions of the interior, which in April still lay buried under the winter snowpack. Alex’s cheap leather hiking boots were neither waterproof nor well insulated. His rifle was only .22 caliber, a bore too small to rely on if he expected to kill large animals like moose and caribou, which he would have to eat if he hoped to remain very long in the country. He had no ax, no bug dope, no snowshoes, no compass. The only navigational aid in his possession was a tattered state road map he’d scrounged at a gas station.”

expensive backpack

“a diary—written across the last two pages of a field guide to edible plants—that recorded the young man’s final weeks in 113 terse, enigmatic entries.”

“and asked Alex how long it’d been since he ate. Alex allowed how it’d been a couple of days. Said he’d kind of run out of money.” Overhearing this, the friend’s wife insisted on cooking Alex a big dinner, which he wolfed down, and then he fell asleep at the table.”

“. If he started a job, he’d finish it. It was almost like a moral thing for him. He was what you’d call extremely ethical. He set pretty high standards for himself.”

“You could tell right away that Alex was intelligent,” Westerberg reflects, draining his third drink. “He read a lot. Used a lot of big words. I think maybe part of what got him into trouble was that he did too much thinking. Sometimes he tried too hard to make sense of the world, to figure out why people were bad to each other so often. A couple of times I tried to tell him it was a mistake to get too deep into that kind of stuff, but Alex got stuck on things. He always had to know the absolute right answer before he could go on to the next thing.”

“That fall he developed a lasting bond with both the town and Wayne Westerberg.”

“The attachment McCandless felt for Carthage remained powerful, however. Before departing, he gave Westerberg a treasured 1942 edition of Tolstoy’s War and Peace.”

“And McCandless stayed in touch with Westerberg as he roamed the West, calling or writing Carthage every month or two. He had all his mail forwarded to Westerberg’s address and told almost everyone he met thereafter that South Dakota was his home.”
  - semi-anonymous dwelling with capital production. Ace.

“history and anthropology major”

“He was offered membership in Phi Beta Kappa but declined, insisting that titles and honors are irrelevant.”
  - :)

“She was surprised and extremely touched: It was the first present she had received from her son in more than two years, since he had announced to his parents that, on principle, he would no longer give or accept gifts.”

“Chris had purchased the secondhand yellow Datsun when he was a senior in high school. In the years since, he’d been in the habit of taking it on extended solo road trips when classes weren’t in session, and during that graduation weekend he casually mentioned to his parents that he intended to spend the upcoming summer on the road as well. His exact words were “I think I’m going to disappear for a while.”

“Here is a copy of my final transcript. Gradewise things went pretty well and I ended up with a high cumulative average.
Thankyou for the pictures, the shaving gear, and the postcard from Paris. It seems that you really enjoyed your trip there. It must have been a lot of fun.
I gave Lloyd [Chris’s closest friend at Emory] his picture, and he was very grateful; he did not have a shot of his diploma getting handed to him.
Not much else happening, but it’s starting to get real hot and humid down here. Say Hi to everyone for me.”
  - very functional letters, and “not much going on here” type of lack of talk, as opposed to talks of travels to strangers

“During that final year in Atlanta, Chris had lived off campus in a monkish room furnished with little more than a thin mattress on the floor, milk crates, and a table. He kept it as orderly and spotless as a military barracks. And he didn’t have a phone, so Walt and Billie had no way of calling him.”
  - mininmalism

“By then Chris was long gone. Five weeks earlier he’d loaded all his belongings into his little car and headed west without an itinerary.”
  - no itinerary

“Alex finds Mexicans to be warm, friendly people. Much more hospitable than Americans….”
  - :)

“Having reached his destination, McCandless slowed his pace, and his mood became more contemplative. He took photographs of a tarantula, plaintive sunsets, windswept dunes, the long curve of empty coastline. The journal entries become short and perfunctory. He wrote fewer than a hundred words over the month that followed.”

“On January 16, McCandless left the stubby metal boat on a hummock of dune grass southeast of El Golfo de Santa Clara and started walking north up the deserted beach. He had not seen or talked to another soul in thirty-six days. For that entire period he subsisted on nothing but five pounds of rice and what marine life he could pull from the sea, an experience that would later convince him he could survive on similarly meager rations in the Alaska bush.”
  - wow, just rice?

“To avoid being rolled by the unsavory characters who rule the streets and freeway overpasses where he slept, he learned to bury what money he had before entering a city, then recover it on the way out of town.”
  - hmm

“On February 3, according to his journal, McCandless went to Los Angeles “to get a ID and a job but feels extremely uncomfortable in society now and must return to road immediately.”
  - yes

“On February 24, seven and a half months after he abandoned the Datsun, McCandless returned to Detrital Wash. The Park Service had long since impounded the vehicle, but he unearthed his old Virginia plates, SJF-421, and a few belongings he’d buried there.”
  - material belongings still important? Or to avoid identity?

“Then he hitched into Las Vegas and found a job at an Italian restaurant. “Alexander buried his backpack in the desert on 2/27 and entered Las Vegas with no money and no ID,” the journal tells us.”
  - hmm, to avoid losing anything?

“He lived on the streets with bums, tramps, and winos for several weeks. Vegas would not be the end of the story, however. On May 10, itchy feet returned and Alex left his job in Vegas, retrieved his backpack, and hit the road again, though he found that if you are stupid enough to bury a camera underground you won’t be taking many pictures with it afterwards. Thus the story has no picture book for the period May 10, 1991-January 7, 1992. But this is not important. It is the experiences, the memories, the great triumphant joy of living to the fullest extent in which real meaning is found. God it’s great to be alive! Thank you. Thank you.”
  - :)

“When his camera was ruined and McCandless stopped taking photographs, he also stopped keeping a journal, a practice he didn’t resume until he went to Alaska the next year. Not a great deal is known, therefore, about where he traveled after departing Las Vegas in May 1991.”
  - stopped because he was experiencing life! Fuck writing.

“the fog and rain was often intolerable.”
  - :)

“ In September he hitched down U.S. Highway 101 into California, then headed east into the desert again. And by early October he had landed in Bullhead City, Arizona.”
  - toward the heat again and again, so why north?

“On the face of it, Bullhead City doesn’t seem like the kind of place that would appeal to an adherent of Thoreau and Tolstoy, an ideologue who expressed nothing but contempt for the bourgeois trappings of mainstream America. McCandless, nevertheless, took a strong liking to Bullhead. Maybe it was his affinity for the lumpen, who were well represented in the community’s trailer parks and campgrounds and laundromats; perhaps he simply fell in love with the stark desert landscape that encircles the town.
In any case, when he arrived in Bullhead City, McCandless stopped moving for more than two months—probably the longest he stayed in one place from the time he left Atlanta until he went to Alaska and moved into the abandoned bus on the Stampede Trail. In a card he mailed to Westerberg in October, he says of Bullhead, “It’s a good place to spend the winter and I might finally settle down and abandon my tramping life, for good. I’ll see what happens when spring comes around, because that’s when I tend to get really itchy feet.”
  - yes, winter hibernation and  summer itchy feet

“At the time he wrote these words, he was holding down a full-time job, flipping Quarter Pounders at a McDonald’s on the main drag, commuting to work on a bicycle. Outwardly, he was living a surprisingly conventional existence, even going so far as to open a savings account at a local bank.”
  - things get conventional in the winter

“McCandless had tried to disguise the fact that he was a drifter living out of a backpack: He told his fellow employees that he lived across the river in Laughlin.”
  - shame? Well, what can one say to normative culture people that don’t understand nomadism?

“In fact, during his first several weeks in Bullhead, McCandless camped out in the desert at the edge of town; then he started squatting in a vacant mobile home. The latter arrangement, he explained in a letter to Jan Burres, “came about this way:”
  - hah, my current thought / move. Camp and make some money!

“Thanks so much for the Christmas card. It’s nice to be thought of this time of year…. I’m so excited to hear that you will be coming to see me, you’re welcome any time. It’s really great to think that after almost a year and a half we shall be meeting again.”
  - meeting people after a year and a half

“Sometimes I think it was like he was storing up company for the times when he knew nobody would be around.”

“McCandless was especially attentive to Burres, flirting and clowning with her at every opportunity. “He liked to tease me and torment me,” she recalls. “I’d go out back to hang clothes on the line behind the trailer, and he’d attach clothespins all over me. He was playful, like a little kid. I had puppies, and he was always putting them under laundry baskets to watch them bounce around and yelp. He’d do it till I’d get mad and have to yell at him to stop. But in truth he was real good with the dogs. They’d follow him around, cry after him, want to sleep with him. Alex just had a way with animals.”
  - good females

“It is true that many creative people fail to make mature personal relationships, and some are extremely isolated. It is also true that, in some instances, trauma, in the shape of early separation or bereavement, has steered the potentially creative person toward developing aspects of his personality which can find fulfillment in comparative isolation. But this does not mean that solitary, creative pursuits are themselves pathological….
[A]voidance behavior is a response designed to protect the infant from behavioural disorganization. If we transfer this concept to adult life, we can see that an avoidant infant might very well develop into a person whose principal need was to find some kind of meaning and order in life which was not entirely, or even chiefly, dependent upon interpersonal relationships.”
  - solitude: return to the self

“I don’t recollect Alex ever talking about any girlfriends,” says Westerberg. “Although a couple of times he mentioned wanting to get married and have a family some day. You could tell he didn’t take relationships lightly. He wasn’t the kind of guy who would go out and pick up girls just to get laid.”
  - serious

“In high school McCandless had enjoyed a close rapport with two or three members of the opposite sex, and Carine recalls one instance when he got drunk and tried to bring a girl up to his bedroom in the middle of the night (they made so much noise stumbling up the stairs that Billie was awakened and sent the girl home). But there is little evidence that he was sexually active as a teenager and even less to suggest that he slept with any woman after graduating from high school. (Nor, for that matter, is there any evidence that he was ever sexually intimate with a man.) It seems that McCandless was drawn to women but remained largely or entirely celibate, as chaste as a monk.”
  - mmm

“When McCandless hugged Borah good-bye, she says, “I noticed he was crying. That frightened me. He wasn’t planning on being gone all that long; I figured he wouldn’t have been crying unless he intended to take some big risks and knew he might not be coming back. That’s when I started having a bad feeling that we wouldn’t never see Alex again.”
  - crying because he left another society, a good one

“Hey Guys!
This is the last communication you shall receive from me. I now walk out to live amongst the wild. Take care, it was great knowing you.
ALEXANDER.”
  - hmm, determined to live self-reliantly

“It may, after all, be the bad habit of creative talents to invest themselves in pathological extremes that yield remarkable insights but no durable way of life for those who cannot translate their psychic wounds into significant art or thought.”
  - very good quote by Jon Krakaeur to choose

11/1
A few more missed thoughts, but now forgotten. The most recent thought remembered: a daydream of using kickstarted to find civic projects, as an alternative to grants and scholarships.

Into the Wild (second viewing in lifetime):
Why Alaska? Maybe he just happened to be there after a long trip, constantly escaping society.

Perhaps the bus was his death. The lure of a shelter, a home, to organize things and life in, as opposed to the constant decision-making the road offers. Perhaps he would have kept going, in and out of society. But the shelter kept him in place. Perhaps. Well, maybe not. He probably would have continued if he were in good health. Just a matter of lack of nearby health facility.

"The climactic battle of killing the false being within"
  - what's the false being here, the culture of society.

He doesn't want "things".

"Chris measured himself and others around him with a fiercely moral code".

"He risked what could have been a relentlessly lonely path, but found company in the characters of the books he loved...Tolstoy, London, Thoreau...He could summon their words to suit any occasion"

"It was inevitable that Chris would break away, and when he would do it, he would do it with characteristic immoderation"

Immediately after college, he leaves the ?...

Uses car as transport and shelter. Somehow missed flash flood warning. It happens, can't plan everything.

A documentary proved that in his bag upon death he still had all of his IDs and $300 cash, so he didn't cut and burn them. It makes no sense to. Have to watch out for fiction.

He leaves his car, just keep moving forward. No point of using time to salvage. Keep creating. Less things.

His tent, still too close to society, as vacationers watersurf nearby. Have to move further, at least away from tourism.

He cleans himself in an outdoor bathroom.

He had good grades in serious subjects, contemporary politics in Africa, Apartheid, food crisis in Africa, etc.

"...Spent four years fulfilling the absurd and tedious duty of graduating college...emancipated from false sense of security, parents, and material excess, things that cut Chris off from the truth of his existance"

Pacific Crest Trail

Bought books on edible plants. Now that's hardcore.

"Rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, give me truth." Paraphrase of Thoreau against the lovely hippie mother who asks to love his parents.

He stays up focused, reading.

Meaningless battles at home, between parents, and some between children and parent.

He moves quick and enthusiastic, like a monkey. :)

Afraid of water.

Reads in solitude, no love, ascetic, but loves humans.

Camps in a hill, not too far from a hitchhikeable road.

Lol, shaving in large farm sprinklers. Yessss.

Doesn't gamble. Enjoys company, though with a barrier, not giving into culture completely.

Plays music whilst everyone else gets drunk and talks.

Listens to many stories, but doesn't talk back much, except for his dislike of society.

Vince Vaughn rightly says to go South, and only Alaska during Spring.
  - Why north? Because that's where no one has travelled before? There are many unexplored areas in America, especially in cold mountains. No need to go to Alaska to get away.

Vince getting arrested is the causation of continuing to travel.

After high school he drove cross country in a used Datson.

Lol at permit to paddle on river. Reminds me of when I wanted to dive (with a group) on the east coast of Taiwan, and snorkel some part of Okinawa.

Water is indeed frightening.

Ah shit, didn't take helmet. So focused on moving forward, sometimes take more risky paths. It's inevitable. I've made some rash decisions too, like taking buses at night, or not wearing a helmet while biking.

Mmm, at age 4 at 3am wondered 6 blocks for some candy. Oh the sweet adventure.

Freedom and simple beauty.

36 days in a cave. Crossed border without care.

Fit with exercise and shadowboxing.

The city is indeed haunting. Reminds me of my time in New York. I had a lot of rapid thoughts. The problem with film is one doesn't know what the person is thinking. There could be a lot of complex thoughts going on at any moment in McCandless's head, but no way to communicate it, not even in writing. What he thinks here is forgotton.

Eat and sleeps at homeless shelter. Quite a different experience than nature. This is indeed what one must resort to in the city.

He's ashamed to ask for a bed at a homeless shelter.

The dark and trashy inner city. Why would anyone choose not to be a part of culture and live in the city, as opposed to not be a part of culture and live in nature? It's the society vs not theme. Trying to be a part of society but consistently failing to be, leading to ascetism. Perhaps my ideals where too far from society, that when I tried to implement it in Taipei, I failed, instead, appeared homeless. I tried to be a part of society on my ideal terms, but it doesn't work, and so I had to get out.

McCandless looks at a mid to upper class restaurant similar to the way I did in New York and Taipei. I didn't want any part of these places.

But unlike me, he leaves the same night. I camped a few nights by the river. Then had a friend house me for a week. Then a cheap hostel. But I was running out of options, money, and the city wasn't offering me any outs, as much as I tried, communicated.

The city scenes are at night, nature scenes in day, which corresponds to the times people are active in each area.

The culture is so restricting that he probably didn't find anyone nice, human in the city. Later, he gets kicked off a railroad for freeloading, as if he made a difference. The strictness of civilization, must have made him want to retreat further from it. At many times I feel society is so beauracratic, so stupid, that I also get away from it.

Lol, works at fast food restaurant for money to get to Alaska. I need to do this right now! Fuck being trapped at this hostel. I can work temporarily and move on.

Thoughts the day after viewing (11/2):
I felt I should go immediately. I can work a temporary job for a little cash. Then if I want, I can go back to Taipei and continue my plan. It's okay to not begin my plan immediately. It's great enough that I still desire to do so. It's better than being at the wrong institution, country, or social group. At least I can still think about it. It's my grand Alaskan plan.

I can re-learn to eat oatmeal and exercise. I can work and read books. But perhaps I've already spent enough time doing these things and desire to be in the direction of my plan, with people. It's okay. Saving money is a necessary part of it. Or, taking a loan. Whichever. But a loan is cheating. Without the loan I am more free, likely to take on whatever paid gig. The loan requires a plan.

From a bus, I can see the mountains and the towns next to them. Do I want to be there farming? As long as I meet some nice people to talk to.

Or should I go back to my creative self, putting material and idea together for civics or education? That's where all my active thoughts go toward. Farming will just create slave mentality, no inspiration, like a suburban house.

Maybe it's the active survival that will wake me up, or at least keep me awake. And that will cause me to act, instinctively to survive. Similarly, isn't it instinct to protect others, people? That's worth being active for too. Civics.

Nature provokes thought, for survival. Cities provoke thought, for the betterment of society. Nature teaches one to be self-reliant. Cities allow one to maximize their potential. Nature is indeed backwards.

Use nature as a means for taking a break, not an end. The end is the city. One must alternate between both. Or, keep drifting between small towns and organizations.

10/26
Lots of thoughts these past two, three mornings, while in bed, not wanting to wake up. I don't remember them all:
  - Many seem to be ideas of actions, impulses which I do no respond to, like going to the day market, talk to people in town, take social action, etc. A past life of mine, which I have experience of, so I can imagine, but do not need to execute.
  - While thinking of doing something on impulse, say, go hike a nearby waterfall, the rule-based like rational stops it, deeming it useless, failing to allow my body and mind to have an experience.
  - I think of the film Il Posto, feeling like a person in a different society, alone, in my bed, away from the outside world.

10/25
After reading Heraclitus within an hour, I am reminded to be a little more active, consuming primary sources, as opposed to all the surrounding gibberish.

Heraclitus:
For wisdom, listen
not to me but to the Word,
and know that all is one.

People dull their wits with gibberish,
and cannot use their ears and eyes.

Men dig tons of earth
to find an ounce of gold.

The eye, the ear,
the mind in action,
these I value.

Now that we can travel anywhere,
we no longer take the poets
and myth-makers for sure witnesses
about disputed facts.

The living, when the dead
wood of the bow
springs back to life, must die.

Time is a game,
played beautifully,
by children.

Since mindfulness, of all things,
is the ground of being,
to speak one’s true mind,
and to keep things down
in common, serves all being,
just as laws made clear
uphold the city,
yet with greater strength.
Of all pronouncements of the law
the one source is the Word
whereby we choose what helps
true mindfulness prevail.

Although we need to Word
to keep things known in common,
people still treat specialists
as if their nonsense
were a form of wisdom.

Fools seek counsel
from the ones they doubt

They raise their voices
at stone idols
as a man might argue
with his doorpost,
they have understood
so little of the gods.

Silence, healing.

10/19
Travel -> idea -> ask for funding -> if success: implement idea, else: continue
This is a bit different from my past, which didn’t involve funding, and used my owns funds to work (my ideas or others [volunteer or intern]).

10/18
很久以前沒寫出來。

台灣：Beyond Beuty:
開始看台灣的自然。我覺得沒有用，因為人比較重要。

看農場人，我覺得好像那電影：only yesterday。導演覺得農場人比別的人重要。

看山的路，我覺得不錯。問題是人在那邊不知道是好危險。還有他們選了住在那邊，因為他們習慣。很容易按他們，住在比較安全的地方，沒有問題。他們得習慣。

看檳榔，我就覺得commodity的問題，跟心理的問題。人很容易上癮。這個電影美表演人的問題，所以這個電影沒有用。我去旅行的時候看過這個問題，還一樣的時間看蔡明亮（？）的電影，你一點點動了socialization。

他說美麗的山邊了ugly。他覺得人是ugly？真的不好的思想。美麗的人住在到處。 導演覺得自然最美麗，人呢？Velben argument on aesthetics, back to nature.

"When it rains on earth the water has nowhere to flow,   But we or lives and properties are threatened, we always blame nature instead of ourselves."
  - property is a good word to use, a great part of capital and greediness. But to build around nature is an ideal that is very very difficult to execute, though I believe dense island nations are not bad.

How did humans affect the increase of mid deposit in reservoirs? No argument given.

"We cannot see these problems because we never go to the mountains."
  - I agree with this argument, using film as a tool for awareness.

Is cement necessary? No. Can have more people live in shared buildings.

Reminds me of that Italian film where gangsters illegally mine for lucrative profits.

Poor urban planning as problem. Also profit-mongering people related to urban planning. A cycle of profit.

Taizhong has the largest coal mine in the world? Crazy.


10/11
只有昨天:
Miyazaki是製片人。takahata是導演。

mmm，開始在城市，想要去自然。

mmm，全人物是女生的。媽媽對他們擔憂，他們想要快結婚。

城市的人喜歡農城的工作。

工作的人只有十天的放假。

她的朋友都放假了，他自己不知道做什麼。

從不吃鳳梨嗎？沒有人可以問別的人？

妹妹姐姐都覺得癡心的飯好玩。可是他們沒想了別的東西嗎？

姐姐妹妹只提醒有名的文化，音樂，時尚，電影。沒有真實的東西。

最小的妹妹提醒學校跟家裡，因為他是十分歲。

媽媽覺得吃飯比寫文章好。不一樣的generation。

他們有civics的自己的課嗎？

小學愛。

全部是記憶。

還想那時間。旅行的書後，自己想出來，你的之前的生活。

哈哈看褲子下面。好煩哪。

農場人準備了一樣的工資，別的人準備比較多。不可以賣他們創造什麼。*

她看車子外面，好像羅東到宜蘭的橋。

在農場，比較少的人工作，因為他們想要活。

動物跟植物一樣。

照顧自然，自然照顧我們。

他們去的地方，好像台灣的農場。

米農場，樹，山，老的農場人在抓。

哇，glorifying農場的工作。好棒啊。我覺得沒有很多電影有這個工作。

太陽變化亮亮。也可以看太陽，

機可以左右的工作，可是抓花瓣需要人的工作。*

農場人看起來好開心。

如果我有這個工作，我的文章會真的有趣。

忘記了頭鞋子重要嗎？日本的文化。

為什麼creation的sign？

平常去旅行。哇，很好啊。

全建築是人做的，有歷史。

山峽的農場好像台灣。

在學校有表演。

在家裡看電視。

這個電影太容易。太平常。可是這是小孩的電影。

好人，好風景，比城市好。
  - 可是，有費，需要很多工作，industrial revolution and time not mentioned.

The problem with narratives is that they show life, instead of showing a method to improve society. Narratives will only deeply affect those who have experienced similar times as the characters have, which is often limited to the society the characters live in.

For example, here, I am reminded of farmers in Taiwan, Taiwan's rural areas such as Yilan county which I am currently residing in and the east coast, which I have travelled recently.

Other than that, nothing to the film applies to my life, and is therefore impractical to me.

The more general themes exist; the special ones here are the fakeness of shot-term tourism and the difficulty of socialization.

But as usual, narratives are just consumables, not reality, nothing to react to. Quite different from a practical handbook, a workshop, a social experience.


10/5
Days fly. Haven't seen a film in days, and equally, haven't had an experience in days. Why? Must one see another society to become conscience?* Is that why cities work and houses don't? Because one is constantly experiencing another's society? Never quite belonging to a society?

Winter's Bone:
Their school is not much different from my own: nonsensical slave to army classes, teaching young female students how to carry a child, guidance.

The mother has to take care of kids, a dog, and a horse. She must wash clothes, cut wood, comb her mother's hair (optional). This is life without technology. Not enough free time or simultaneous time to consume media.

Law as major problem. How can the law allow the father to put the house on bail. Does the police not care for people?

~"Never ask to what ought to be offered." This is a moral the mother teaches to her son, even in the face of hunger. I don't believe it. Technology should be shared, along with food and housing.

Temporarily gave horse to neighbor for care because low on money. Neighbor offers to take care and allows to use technology to chop wood more efficiently. Food is low too. Difficult to survive.

Must teach kids how to survive. This community is barely surviving, in the most developed nation. These kinds of places actually exist in Suffolk.

Asks to come in to friend's house. Actually, that was normal in College Park too. Though, on film, it seems so unnatural, unsocial.

Even the mother must ask her husband to use "his" truck, to help her friend by giving a ride. Hmm, maybe she asks to come in because the father owns the house. Well, the father's parents gave it to them. So much property non-sharing already.

It really is the survival of the fittest, as opposed to communism.

Mmm indeed gender difference in marriage.

Uncle has a gun. Went to army? Treats humans like animals without feelings.

Can't escape to city? This community is barely surviving. No media about cities? Or any better place for living?

Men settle "business" while women stay at home. Feels like such an ancient society, like that Kurosawa film Dodeskaden, yet it exists.

Blood. The big man.

Skinning and gutting a squirrel is indeed weird to a new person, unnatural.

Gossip as belief of who has power? Or gossip as fear from law?

10/2
To knowledge and education;
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Marker
During this time period, Marker began to travel around the world as a journalist and photographer, a vocation he would continue the rest of his life.

First friend group:
During his early journalism career, Marker became increasingly interested in filmmaking and experimented with photography in the early 1950s. Around this time Marker met and befriended many members of what would be called the Left Bank Film Movement, including Alain Resnais, Agnès Varda, Henri Colpi, Armand Gatti and the novelists Marguerite Duras and Jean Cayrol. This group is often associated with the French New Wave directors who came to prominence during the same time period, and indeed both groups were often friends and journalistic co-workers.

Second film:
In 1953 Marker collaborated with Resnais on the documentary Statues Also Die. The film examines traditional African art such as sculptures and masks, and its decline with coming of Western colonialism. The film won the 1954 Prix Jean Vigo, but was banned by French censors for its criticism of French colonialism

Film essay:
After working as assistant director on Resnais's Night and Fog in 1955, Marker made Sunday in Peking, a short documentary "film essay" that would characterize Marker's unique film style for most of his career. The film was shot in two weeks by Marker while he was traveling through China with Armand Gatti in September 1955. In the film, Marker's commentary overlaps scenes from China.

Creator of social organization similar to past one he was part of, but with political agenda:
That same year, Marker organized the omnibus film Loin du Vietnam, a protest against the Vietnam War with segments contributed by Marker, Jean-Luc Godard, Alain Resnais, Agnès Varda, Claude Lelouch, William Klein, Michele Ray and Joris Ivens. The film includes footage of the war, from both sides, as well as anti-war protests in New York and Paris and other anti-war activities.

From this initial collection of filmmakers with left-wing political agendas, Marker created the group S.L.O.N. (Société pour le lancement des oeuvres nouvelles,"Society for launching new works", but also the Russian word for "elephant").[8] SLON was a film collective whose objectives were to make films and to encourage industrial workers to create film collectives of their own. Its members included Valerie Mayoux, Jean-Claude Lerner, Alain Adair and John Tooker. Marker is usually credited as director or co-director of all of the films made by SLON.

After the events of May 1968, Marker felt a moral obligation to abandon his own personal film career and devote himself to SLON and its activities. 

Back to personal work:
1. Documentary about Allende, the first Marxist president, in Chile.
2. Film essay about March 1968 protests in France, comparing socialist idealism of a global movement before the protests and the actual presence of the world.
3. Photo essay of Japan. Turned to Film essay, includes Africa and other countries.
4. Film essay like documentary of Akira Kurosawa

Multimedia:
Interest in digital technology.
It seems the Wikipedia article slows and ends here. His bibliography shows he stil outputs much work, which from the titles seem political.

http://www.bfi.org.uk/news-opinion/sight-sound-magazine/features/deep-focus/essay-film
In his review of Letter from Siberia (1957), Bazin placed Marker at right angles to cinema proper, describing the film’s “primary material” as intelligence – specifically a “verbal intelligence” – rather than image. He dubbed Marker’s method a “horizontal” montage, “as opposed to traditional montage that plays with the sense of duration through the relationship of shot to shot”.

Here, claimed Bazin, “a given image doesn’t refer to the one that preceded it or the one that will follow, but rather it refers laterally, in some way, to what is said.” Thus the very thing which makes Letter “extraordinary”, in Bazin’s estimation, is also what makes it not-cinema. Looking for a term to describe it, Bazin hit upon a prophetic turn of phrase, writing that Marker’s film is, “to borrow Jean Vigo’s formulation of À propos de Nice (‘a documentary point of view’), an essay documented by film. The important word is ‘essay’, understood in the same sense that it has in literature – an essay at once historical and political, written by a poet as well.”
...
What will distinguish the essay film, as Bazin noted, is not only its ability to make the image but also its ability to interrogate it, to dispel the illusion of its sovereignty and see it as part of a matrix of meaning that extends beyond the screen. No less than were the montagists, the film-essayists seek the motive forces of modern society not by crystallising eternal verities in powerful images but by investigating that ever-shifting, kaleidoscopic relationship between our regime of images and the realities it both reveals and occludes.

http://hazlitt.net/feature/chris-marker-and-art-essay-film
explanations are by nature reductive; every articulation of an idea fails to account for some of its nuance. That’s why Chris Marker’s essay-films remain such endlessly valuable resources to those who want to know more about the world we live in: the films themselves reflect that desire to learn, and their curiosity about their subjects make them infinitely wiser and more sophisticated than any number of films which offer answers or solutions. We do not discover, by the end of The Case of the Grinning Cat, the real answer of why the cats had appeared and what they were designed to achieve. But we do discover much else.

9/30:
We Steal Secrets: The Story of Wikileaks
What drives you?
I like being creative, inventing systems and processes. I also like defending victims. And, I’m combative (or competitive) person, so I like crushing bastards. And so this profession, combines all three things. And it’s deeply, personally satisfying to me.

An idea that was executed.

An intelligence agency of the people.

How to destroy corruption? The Whistleblower.

A humanitarian anarchist. A John Lennon like revolutionary, dreaming of a better world.

Idealism. Uncompromising of freedom of speech.

Keeping the people accountable for their actions.

social organization:
Met second hand man at Chaos Computer Club (CCC).

Organized by speaking, rally syle. This lead to a social organization of activists. They hole themselves in a house in Iceland. They begin working toward something. This is how work works. Organize.****

Take a trip to nature. “Lava-leaks”. Good understanding of the world.

Todo, doing, done. Trello.
—

Images more powerful than words, as there existed a transcript, but not a video. Yes! If people could only see.

“because without information, you cannot make informed decisions as a public.

Adian Lamo: the homeless hacker, a CouchSurfing computer infiltrator. lol.

“keep typing <3”
—

hacking military systems as a teenager, before the internet was public, intellectually liberating, explore the world with your mind

early 90’s Melbourne, counter-cultural hacktivism, like San Francisco.

International Subversives.

Control of MILNET for two years! Holy shit.
—

Moves from city to city without constant relationships
—

Back then, he didn’t know what to do with the information. 20 years later, he did. Perhaps it was fun exploration at first, but later, with a better political view, and ability to execute ideas, he knew what to do.

Assange gave Manning direction, of what to leak, by creating a list of things wanted. This is the positive action, lured by a well-organized process.
—

Travelled, wore a bulletproof vest.

Losing political immunity by publishing things that could get people hurt.

If the information could lead to loss of life, Julian still agrees it should be leaked.
  - should it? Yes. In the case of the anthrax example, the method doesn’t matter or cause people to be more violent, though the prevalence of killing materials i.e. guns it does. The transparency is more important for all to make better decisions. I agree.
  - I disagree with civilian informants deserving to die, but perhaps that was taken out of context. Julian is always thinking about the broader worldview. It is indeed better to leak than not to, generally, not specifically, which is not referring to.

Without anyone to ask to help to redact, asks DOD.

Without anyone to ask to help for press conference, gets student volunteers.
  - He isn’t stupid, the interviewees are. He knows how social organizations work.

“Aging student hobo.”

Lives out of a suitcase.
—

There is nothing that will have greater consequences of a nation than unleashing the brutality of the war.
  - but the problem is that it’s all in documents, as opposed to a better medium.

“our goal is just reform, our method is transparency, but we do not put method before the goal.”

information war: speculative blood became more important than the actual blood, from the hype of the media. Propaganda over reality.


one of the dudes interviewed describes Julian as a fabulist, living in an imagined world, as opposed to a mundane reality. That’s because Julian understands multiple societies, and constantly thinks about it. His worldview is broader. To think in that way, you have to imagine all societies, not just he one lives in. The interviewer is weak-minded.

The interviewees describe Julian changing in the process, possibly becoming paranoid and/or creating propaganda against the state. Well, it’s become an information war. He is ready to fight.
—

This documentary wastes so much time. Faster to read. I’m being passive. Smear campaign content is useless.
—

Nearly the entire part based on America should not exist in society. What a fucked up civilization. The politics, the army, the whistleblower, the judicial system, all of it is non-sense. I could never create a world in my mind that would includes these non-sensical items. People do anything for capital. The reason Bradley went to the army was to pay for college.

open diplomacy, world-wide anarchy.
—

finally some useful content: causation of Arab Spring, by exposing criminal behavior by tyrants in Egypt, Tunisia, and Libya.

Media is so narrow in their own world, that they use the words of other similar media. Their entirely lack creativity.

Visa and MasterCard as proof of America’s corporate-political relationship.
—

Some truth in the possibility that Julian needs some primitive sex, and that the opportunity was easier. It happens. Difficult to restrain. And, if both want, why not? And, maybe he was quite monstrous during sex.
—

Lol, more interesting travel experience in a farm northeast of London. But also, quite isolating, and requires the reading of books to talk to people to make sense of the world.

Trampoline as good balance of exercise and thinking. I think Paul Erdos had a friend that use a trampoline to think about math.
—

Lack of funds forced him to do nothing? Impossible. Digital work doesn’t require funding, just food and a computer. Well, except when lawsuits (or smear campaigns) drain your capital. It made him complacent, think slower. It failed to stop him.

With the television show, he enabled himself to talk to other leaders. He did it because he just wanted to talk to people, from isolation. And in doing so, he created more friends, finding a home, in this case, Ecuador, to stay in. Perhaps Ecuador is one of those Latin countries that know how communities works, which the developed world seems to have forgot.

Julian accused for taking fame? An anonymous anarchist organization becoming a normative political organization? Or perhaps humans, out of compassion, created a human image to communicate with from the anonymous organization. It’s difficult for people to accept the complexities of anything without a particular i.e. celebrities. Wikileaks itself somehow perhaps had to appeal to the public, and Julian leading was a good method.


9/29
Level 5:
The first scene is of a computer mouse. The medium is the message? How technology affects society?

How did society get to this point? 

Why is society going in this direction?

Neanderthals had a vision of a city, and civilization built it.

Thoughts, visions, memories at the same time?

“But none of us know what a city is”
  - Yessssss.

Hmm, neat game interface for Marker’s journey in Japan about Okinawa, to show the media, information side.

“Bits have replaced savings”.

Sute-ishi, sacrifice a piece to save the game. Game strategy and military strategy are the same, except one affects reality, the material.


9/28
Castle in the Sky:
Beautiful intro production. Feels like Leonardo Da Vinci's notebooks. Perhaps Takahata helped here.

Physical work, in tune with reality, the material world.

Few materials are needed.

Wake up when the sun comes up.

Exploration.

Childhood ambitions.

Always interested in flying. Even the stone allows one to float.

Far less realistic and cartoon like than Wind and Kaguya.

The characters eat egg, will that disappear as civilization progesses?

Created new species of cows.

Always grows up in nature.

In the cave they drink from the river and cook their own meal.

The exploration of the underground is equivalent to the exploration of space.

The rocks underground in harmony with the sky.

A nice old rugged single traveler.

Characters in Miyazaki's films are never afraid to meet strangers, show humanity of all kinds.

Sublime clouds.

A castle in the sea is of the army. It includes a prison.

Organization of humans to explore Laputa, sounds like the space program.

The army, pirates, and government in search of treasure, alike.

Like Kaguya, the princess suddenly came into the world, from another, but grew up on Earth.

Can one go back into habit of life and forget the past?

Pirates, guerrilla warfare.

The boy's pets are birds. Care shown through caring of pets, as the characters don't have younger siblings.

Destructive science, useless war machines.

Lol, material jobs given to kids, indeed such a pain. Though, a bit generalizing of women's work, quite in contrast with the grandma pirate.

Like JRPGs, Miyazaki's a one's are a good way to explore the world, it's nature, people, places.

The pirate engineer looks like Wiley from Megaman.

Pirates motivated by capital, capitalism?

The Pirates are a cute family.

Doing work and contributing to a community with whatever skills you have.

The father pirate is good with systems, mechanical, chess, and social.

Waking up from bed to another's voice.

"Airships are improving, someone will find it."

Robots are strange, but peaceful, like a good human society, with their own language.

"You can climb trees can't you?"

Army "no better than thieves".

Same family, nurtured by different habitats, nature and city.

Laputa died because it couldn't survive without the earth.

Perhaps the most theme-rich of Miyazaki's films.

Some humans strive for organization, some strive to live peacefully with disorganization. The choice depends on the nurture of people. People must be nurtured with nature for a good future.

Hmm, stunning throughout. A perfect film.

From wiki:
We're the flying islands and past unspecified catastrophe mentioned?

Human civilizations repeat itself with destruction, of themselves and nature, but nature is always left. there is no ideal ultimate ruler or organization; anti-politics.

9/22
The Tale of the Princess Kaguya:
Nature, the love of it, the love of child caring, the love of eating fresh fruit, the adventure of hunting, the amazement of craft.

Gold as currency. Work for capital and habit.

Leaving nature for the city at adolescence.

Similarities to Lion King, my first favorite film.

Games for learning. Serious when needed.

Studies because she wants to, or out of habit?

Culture as a joke, though it exists.

Out of education of culture, can't escape society? Can't be a thief?

Three years pass by quietly, in habit, doing nothing? Recreating home in the form of a garden? Art as recreation of home.
...
Mmm boring in the middle, especially with forcing 5 princes, but good ending.

It's interesting that the moment the Majesty grasps her, her duty comes to mind, signifying a strong feeling of refusal.

The kids, beasts, bugs sing their song in a different way, mentioning the temporal part of life, "grow and die".

The Princess actually goes to the Moon. The limit of time shows. Parents cry. She didn't want to go, but she must. The beed of being part of society theme from earlier duplicates to another, third society. Born in a farm, raised in the capital, destined to return to the moon. The memory of each society experienced does not leave, and desire, nostalgia exist when living in a new one. Life pushes you in different locations, societies, experience over time, memories are created. Is it fair to those that live in the society, that have done so much to keep it up? Is it normal for people to travel and live in different societies? Is a home necessary? Where is Kaguya's home?

Maybe a good film during a time of globalization. But people have always been moving, not just now.

9/21
After reading the first and last chapter of The Man Who Loved Numbers:
Paul Erdos's life is a good model. Though, I should read the bit on the Cold War.

9/15
我想了太慢。太懶惰。昨天全沒想出來東西。只有在晚上我坐下xiangyidian

9/14
我已經下載我選了課程，可是那不太有用，因為我說話的時候不想改變題目。我想聊天的題目平常不一樣。譬如說，我現在想要看David Harvey的書，不想要看Christopher Alexander，雖然我真的想要看完他的書，我現在不要。這是正常的。

所以如果我有很多書。我總是可以自己說話，學，愛智慧。

8/24
Monday. Should be selling tea. Shit.

At this park, people move, and perhaps think, at the speed of snail. Ancient sports like basketball and catch. Though, it is indeed beautiful, with a mountain as a backdrop, and grass everywhere, overgrown like ruins. Taiwanese people aren't good at competition, but they sure can build and take care of an environment.

8/23
Perhaps the most comfortable I've been for a long time. I just went to a nearby waterfall in the rain, walked up, came back, had soup, a warm shower; now a Pepsi, and will take a nap. Though I've done this similarly in the past, I think this time I didn't take an audiobook, or something to write on. It was raining too hard. I just rode my scooter. The other time I had quite a relaxing day was at luodong sports park. Otherwise, it feels as if it's been years since I've been this relaxed. I feel as if I were in College Park. Perhaps the city was really destroying me. It's not right. Too much social responsibility, over-thinking, over-awareness. To sink into habit feels good, though, during my travels, I know it's not.
--

Goethe:
"if one does not know what went on for the last three thousand years, he or she remains ignorant, merely surviving from day-to-day". - Goethe

? Goethe, at the age of about 80, had a 5,000 book personal library.

His conversations and various common undertakings throughout the 1790s with Schiller, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, Johann Gottfried Herder, Alexander von Humboldt, Wilhelm von Humboldt, and August and Friedrich Schlegel have, in later years, been collectively termed Weimar Classicism

Leonardo Da Vinci:
Leonardo would have been exposed to both theoretical training and a vast range of technical skills[19] including drafting, chemistry, metallurgy, metal working, plaster casting, leather working, mechanics and carpentry as well as the artistic skills of drawing, painting, sculpting and modelling.

Leonardo created a map of Cesare Borgia's stronghold, a town plan of Imola in order to win his patronage. Maps were extremely rare at the time and it would have seemed like a new concept. Upon seeing it, Cesare hired Leonardo as his chief military engineer and architect.

These studies were recorded in 13,000 pages of notes and drawings, which fuse art and natural philosophy (the forerunner of modern science), made and maintained daily throughout Leonardo's life and travels, as he made continual observations of the world around him.

Faacination for flight.


Lincoln, third in literature!?:
  - add Gettysburg address to reading list

Dewey:
a substantial part of his published output consisted of commentary on current domestic and international politics, and public statements on behalf of many causes. (He is probably the only philosopher in this encyclopedia to have published both on the Treaty of Versailles and on the value of displaying art in post offices.
  - should live by thinking about current events and politics and act upon them. Not reading past things. Only read into he past to make sense of the present, never for knowledge.

8/21
[found in temp.txt]
The "show time" street performers perform to an absolutely dull crowd, no one responds, including me. New York's public is not more responsive than Taiwan's, it was just my perspective, or state of happiness.

8/20
[found in temp.txt]
美國人每天起床因為他們得去工作...

People in America wake up because they need to go to work on time to make money. Women from Southeast Asia wake up because they they care about the people around them, and want to socialize or be around them. A result of culture? The professor from human values lecture mentioned this as a con of post-modern society, that people don't value time with old wise men or house wives because they are not waged.

街的西班牙的吉他手對我真好。我覺得他的社會地位比較好。他勇敢。別的人不可能做一樣的辦法。人恐怕。

在工作外面，學校外面，我感覺比較勇敢，因為我感覺比較自由。

8/20
An old thought:
The key to life is to remember that the world will survive on its own, without me or my work. It's possible to help people out of slavery, but that's something I can only do once I'm out of my own debt slavery. People and technology will, slowly over time, get better. Only those that live under severe military control need external help.

Though, contrarily, it seems many places in the world can ruin people, put them into slavery and thoughtless conspicuous consumption, without transport out of it.
--

I walked, sat, and ran around 羅東運動公園. What an amazing park, and weather. It's the ideal place for a child. So much room to play. All grass. Various landscapes and shapes. It's possible the best man made park I've been to.

Nature is rough, and requires exertion. But this park is pure joy.

I was reminded of College Park, Japanese films and games, and day dreamed about having kids in Japan, in a similar rustic environment. It's my childhood.

But it's fake, isn't it? To not be a part of the greater society?

That life would lead to the consumption and creation of media, as opposed to experiencing reality. But rustic life is a reality. Just a simple one.

Perhaps this is an escape from the complexities of cities, and the world.
--

later at night:
starving, no thought, no sun, just living without care, like the rest of the world. Thinking slow.


8/18
Scraped from paper notes, things that didn’t fall under the above todo lists:
local -> power of community -> can sell anything locally
power of local markets / street vending
night market game jam
day market cooking, sell at night / immediately
read local news
  - respond / write back
—
another note:
live in nature vs city?
  - pros: nature, hike, bike ,culture? developing, cheaper rent / cost of living — well, easier to maintain, free entertainment anytime
  - live in small town like wulai, or another along a good scooter path*
  - cons: less material, less people, less creativity
socially aware vs functional capitalism
In Yilan, I return to childhood: hike, bike, games. [Well not quite. I haven’t given up on the world to play games. I must bike or scooter around to see the world at least once per day. I can’t give up.]

Perhaps cost of living as opposed to planning is best. [Perhaps also writen in Yilan after Taipei? After realizing that I can live quite well in a cheap area, as opposed to fighting for civilization?]
—
next note (maybe around 7/1):
Taipei vs Taidong. Can do both, $200 + $100.
be out more? work more? enjoy life. or be specific? work-oriented.
day dream about Ivar and Jason coming to Taiwan.
(~writing about troubles of finding a space in which I can run events.)
**must organize!**
  - and find organizations
  - social life
*To take a job is to follow what another person in a capitalist society thinks will generate wealth. You must create.**
—
next note:
what I think is important and should be my focus?:
1. civil
2. medicine
3. civil disobedience
?. design / tech 

what is home?*
  - feeling of belonging
  - spending a long time

private materials vs shared*
  - the difference between poor and rich?

chance and mind? (?)

go fishing, scooter, east coast. [Yes!]



8/16
for store:
http://thepublicschool.org/thereisnothinglesspassive/thantheactoffleeing.html

A letter to Winston, of Voice Dream:
Hey Winston,

I live rather nomadically and use my iPhone for everything, and now in a rather calm phase to give my thanks to the tools I used during my travels. As of now, Voice Dream is my primary reading device, and recently I've been using it rather heavily, often while traveling, and often in transit, which is quite surprising as I haven't read a book since high school (another story! But makes sense for autodidacts). I keep eBooks in my dropbox as my digital library. I keep Voice Dream for my reading and highlighting. And I use ByWord for writing directly to Dropbox text files on my phone (though I just noticed Voice Writer while hunting your contact email). These were [at the time I found them] the best products, may still be.

Anyway, I just wanted to report a few problems, wants, and other things.

The way I use:
I honestly don't use any features other than reading and highlight, as I write thoughts elsewhere. Perhaps I will try writing notes later.

Problems:
  - pretty major imo: PDFs I downloaded and worked before do not work anymore. When I open the PDF, it displays the last read book title at the top of the screen, and a blank for the content of the book. Though I believe there was an apology in the "What's New" file. I'll have to reread. But losing this kind of data can equate to losing work, and is very important.
  - Random crashes (app closes). Hopefully can collect and send crash data.
  - Sometimes if I change the application and go back to Voice Dream, the reading function does not work. I double tap, but nothing happens. Then I have to re-open the app.

Wants:
  - major: Save / Backup highlighting and bookmarks to iTunes, or Dropbox, or server (with consent, see Future section) or something!
  - When highlighting a section immediately next to another section, I wish there were a way to visually see a break between the two highlights. I think at the end of a sentence it works fine, but I remember sometimes having trouble differentiating.
  - I recently noticed the rewind and fast forward on the home screen, and even found this a little useful while biking. I wonder, is it even possible to make the + and - physical volume buttons run the rewind / fast forward functions? If not, I'll probably just get one of those phone holders on my bike.
  - Perhaps a method of quickly highlighting would be nice. Like a highlight beginning point (not sure if this makes bookmark redundant). Because highlighting is quite tedious. Maybe also a highlight pinch -- two touches, one at beginning of highlight and one at end. Again, I haven't even tried looking at the advanced features, maybe you've tried some things.
  - I saw Gutenberg pop up on the upload list. Perhaps Archive.org is next? Though as I said, I use Dropbox, so I don't care. Just a shit suggestion.

Meta:
  - super important: if people consent to send their highlighting data (maybe bookmarks and notes), I believe this data would be infinitely valuable in ways I am quite uncertain. Hopefully for education. To be able to see what lines make people really converse and think, is like recording the non-experiential part of education of people. One could essentially see the knowledge of a person (scholarly or not) at the crucial time of active learning. Wikipedia is a source of collective knowledge; The highlights / excerpts of a book (or any medium; i.e. the clip of a film, section of a game) is a source of learned knowledge. These then are often used in school curriculums for readings. So this data could be used to select reading for certain categories. Okay okay, maybe this idea has gone far enough. I think this milk tea was a bit too strong.

I believe this is one of the few functional, important tools I've come across during recent years. Good job! :)

And if you need help, I can, at times (especially during nights and winters, or in small calming towns like the one I'm in now -- Yilan, Taiwan) be a mediocre programmer. Though, I tend to enjoy more physical things, like games with physical interfaces.

Hmm, I look forward to walking around Taipei and arguing reality with Jane Jacobs' The Death and Life of Great American Cities.

And that's that.

8/15
Quite a lot of thoughts, especially during the morning when I was quite sleepy after a bad sleep, but didn’t write down.


8/14
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_locality
In 1905 Albert Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity postulated that no material or energy can travel faster than the speed of light, and Einstein thereby sought to reformulate physical laws in a way which obeyed the principle of locality. He later succeeded in producing an alternative theory of gravitation, General Relativity, which obeys the principle of locality.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Determinism
Determinism is the philosophical position that for every event, including human action, there exist conditions that could cause no other event.

Some forms of determinism can be empirically tested with ideas from physics and the philosophy of physics.

The opposite of determinism is some kind of indeterminism (otherwise called nondeterminism). Determinism is often contrasted with free will.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Critique_of_Judgment
The end result of this inquiry is that there are certain fundamental antinomies in human Reason, most particularly that there is a complete inability to favor on the one hand the argument that all behavior and thought is determined by external causes, and on the other that there is an actual "spontaneous" causal principle at work in human behavior.
  - good summary of problems of human reason

8/12(?)
Had some thoughts last night and while writing lost then because Byword's annoying no internet message.

Perhaps one thought was about how cold and interesting science is, because it lacks human compassion, and how interesting society and design are, because it contains social sciences. This, I thought, while listening to A Short History of Nearly Everything.

8/13
Had some more thoughts.

The memory of the temple in Hualien does indeed feel like another me explored it, similar to Phradeus and Robert in Zen and Motorcycle. My current self and past self are so different that it could be another person.

The isolation of the temple blocks the social and physical connections to entire city. It reminded me of Yilan, which reminds me of home.

The keys to the scooter are the keys to a good life.

[Other thoughts]

I had a long daydream of writing all of my thoughts about Taiwan down. It ended up in three books. The first was titled 'of the love of Taiwan', or something similar. It detailed all of the things I loved about Taiwan. First it was just a kind of short essay. Topics included island geography, taking the burden of hardships, blind to social problems yet try to be functional, the functional beauty of old Taipei neighborhoods, the diversity of income and societies, etc. Then I decided to structure the topics with places in Taiwan, including personal experiences from each place, mixing it with each topic. So perhaps Hualien could mix with island geography, and Taipei with functional living. It went around Taiwan. I used my written thoughts and photos to help write. I also used a particular media to become re-aware of things. I current can't remember which media. Perhaps some awareness book, Parallax View?

The second book was a philosophy book based on my urban planning rooted philosophy, physical awareness, and stimuli. I used urban planning books to help write.

The third was a futurism book. Creating a city, or cities based on my philosophies, and past experiences of societies. Creating as many ideas as I could about city planning, technology, and people.

Ah right, these were written because I was going to MIT to work, and instead of writing something else (for MIT?) I decided to write my love for Taiwan.
--

A Pattern Language:
This book is very close to what I outlined to do, and moreover, it is written like a treatise, with each paragraph numbered and carefully leading to the next.

I listened to some while scootering from Hualien to Yilan. The first paragraph mentioned a hierarchy of socio-political groups, from region to family. 2. Each group makes decisions about the land it shares in common, between neighborhoods, land between houses, living room. And thus it set out.

One argument I remember is the size of a city. Where there is an upper bound to management. That one should be able to easily participate in civil decision-making, and not sink into beauracracy. I wondered about my tensions of living in big cities, and my comfort in small towns. How hectic Taipei is, seemingly unmanageable. It argues for small dense cities but with access to rural areas. I agree, and hence love Taiwan's towns and cities. There is no better feeling than being able to bike or scooter from one's house to a rural area, as I felt in Yilan, Bhaktapur, Penang, and elsewhere.

Though public transport such as trains and buses are swell, the freedom of being able to quickly go from house to rural with a personal transportation is quite different.

The second argument I remember pondering about was about people having a natural want for nature. Living in a small town rather than a city. Mimicing nature in cities: greenery, space, pets; or just having a dwelling in a rural area (Yilan). It said it should only take 10 minutes to get to a farm. That is very ideal, and very far fetched for New York and Taipei. But not too bad for small town cities like San Francisco and Penang. Indeed these small towns are most comfortable.

4. Every group is free to persuade its constituents to implement these patterns gradually. This depends on incentives.
  - creates diverse cities.

5. As far as possible, implementation should be loose and voluntary, based on social responsibility, and not on legislation or coercion.
  - absolutely. Though, ideal.

Independent regions 4: compares city neighborhoods to regions, holding culture (custom, language), economy, and laws.

8/12
[found in temp.txt]
Apocalypse films (Matrix, Brazil) didn't effect me because they were just films, I didn't think about the philosophy of it. And many films, aesthetically sucked, so it didn't help (save Blade Runner and Brazil). Now I see the reality of it.

8/12
While watching Rush Hour in a restaurant with Chinese subtitles:
Though language teachers provide context, and classes provide repitition, television shows and films are can do both, in a less terraced way.

Many thoughts these past few days, but just been to lazy to write, or talk. Without talking one does feel lifeless. Talking is indeed a creative action.

8/10
Will I be able to get back to city life? Feel a part of a community? Want to work for it?

What about all of those early ideas: science, scuba diving, a renovating a cheap place on the east coast? What happened to my motivation?

I wasn't able to be social and do these things. I went alone and became unhappy. I will have to stick to my public space idea. Having people in my space, constantly talking and making. Yep, that's the only way. I need this higher thinking people, along with the lower thinking ones in the community in live in.
--

The coldness of people comes again.


8/9
Treatises are so readable. Even a mammoth sized treatise such as the Princples of Mathematics by Russell is readable. In fact, quite nice. This is how people should learn. The organization of a treatise molds the mind in such a way that it learns by starting with a single proposition, a foundation, and continuously building atop of that. And if I knew anything about math, it would be very easy to argue against it.
--

William Sidis (Will Hunting) read newspaper at age 1.5, may have learned languages through primary sources of education, such as Greek from Euclid, Latin from ancients, etc.

Created a language at age 8. Changed from math to civil service, after withdrawing League of Nations. Wrote a book on the history of America starting from prehistoric times. Was fascinated by streetcars, and found ways to increase usage.