Wolf Children
I slept early, woke up in the middle of the night, and turned on Wolf Children, starting it about half-way in, about when the mother is talking to her neighbors about sending their kids to pre-school and commuting to work. I ended up watching until the end.

Animated films can pack so many ideas, ideals, and symbols, resulting in infinite meanings and interpretations. That is the power of animated films, or, perhaps, fiction, above non-fiction. A documentary can show reality, and one can try to interpret the reasons behind the actions of people, but fiction can show an entire life in five minutes, causing the mind make sense of it all.

Again, just as watching Lost Voices of Children [title?], the home, including the kitchen, is entirely natural: wooden utensils, clay [?] dishes and bowls, the iconic giant metal tea-pot (like the one from Place of Arts), a metal pot with a wooden handle (like the one my mom uses to make chai in). The kitchen's table-top has broken tiles, and it's beautiful. In another scene, where the mother is storing all of the vegetables she obtained by trading her potatoes with other farmers in her fridge, there's a rattan basket (identical to the one I bought at Place of Arts) with what looks like Chinese spring onion (蔥), on the floor are huge radishes, cabbages, several cartons of eggs, and two bags of rice with the Chinese character 米 on it. In a later scene, there is a hanging cabinet with glass jars full of colorful shapes, two wooden basket steamers, two clay urns, several metal pots including the ufo shaped one that was in the sink in that other scene, a wooden compartmentalized basket steamer, larger glass jars above, a spice cabinet, the iconic metal teapot on the burner, a metal steamer with a wooden lid on an electric water steaming device, pots, ladles, and an electric heater connected to the sink faucets. It is an ideal kitchen. There is much thought put into every bit of it, much like the film.
--

Like the east coast of Taiwan, the west (Sea of Japan) coast of Japan is desolate, with sparingly few farmers because typhoons hit often. She lives deepest in the mountain, compared to her neighbors, perhaps lessening the damage, as her home (and land) is surrounded by trees and mountains. Her farm (or what I'm guessing was) now has plants with trellises and sticks for support and a green-house like cylinder covering two rows.

--
Ame's education is also an ideal. Home-schooled until first-grade and supervised by his mother afterwards. The mother notices his interest in a nature conservationist part-time job ad on a bulletin board, so she takes him there, allowing him to follow his interests as early as first grade, and, by third grade, he stops attending school, appearing really uninterested from the beginning to end. Ame "goes in an out" of the home on his own accord. It's quite a natural pace to watch, but eerie, as he is so detached from his immediate surroundings. In one scene, while the mother prepares the house for the typhoon, Ame is, as usual, detached from the activity, thinking about all of the animals that need care during the typhoon. The mother's world is the house and nearby land, but Ame's world is the mountainous area, and even Yuki's world are her schools. Their goals are to take care of their worlds, and that is what occupies their minds, most of the time.

We create social relations, and if they are strong, we desire to take care of them. At different times in my life, I've wanted to take care of the world, less fortunate people of cities in America, less fortunate people in Asia, my neighborhood in Taipei, Taiwan, and perhaps soon, the east coast of Taiwan. It's a natural desire: care. But the scope of that desire depends on the individual. Some people care for themselves, their family, their neighborhood, their city, their country, or some other form of community: migrant communities, anarchic communities, art communities, educational institutions, environmental communities. Depending on the strength of my social connections at the time, my care for each fluctuated. As my interests changed, so did the communities I spent time with, from art-consuming to art-making to travel to philosophy to environment. I cared for, and desired to care for each community I've lived in. [todo: continue, very important]

Is it wrong to leave a community, to break social connections, to lose care? Shouldn't one ideally stay in the same community, pursuing one's interests independently, within it?

It is difficult to be so independent, working in solitude.

Though ideal to stay and help one's original community, the community can be so far from one's ideal that it may be impossible to alter it [enough]. An art community in a contemporary American city is very different from an art community in the nature of Taiwan's east coast. There are differences in the physical environment and the culture of the people that reside in it. The differences in culture are so great, that it may indeed be impossible to alter the culture of one's original community [to the extent of one's desires]. In such a case, it may be justifiable to leave it. It even seems that any developed society's culture has gone so far in the wrong directions that there is no way to reduce their cultural problems, and the only solution is to leave it.

I care for people, humans. I care for Americans, but, I feel better caring for a culture that I care about. Simpler cultures, such that of developing countries: farmers, family-run restaurants and food vendors, people who take care of nature, people who do things to allow humans to survive; are people I care about most. Thus, that is the community I've slowly gravitated toward, and, therefore, the world that I desire to take care of.

[todo: ? caring for a small community (tiny art community, family, single building, house) vs a large community (farm towns)]

