possibly older than 2-9-12 (New York):
The most important problem is not being solved. Why care about anything else?

You will learn that one can either surrender responsibility for ones action to the rest of the social organism, or that one can take control by flexing the muscles of the will common to us all, affecting our environment positively and responsibly.

Living in the city satisfied my hunger. My hunger for variety, diversity, creativity. I've experienced the lifeless corporate life. Now, I need to focus on the real stuff--a career and a girl.

Technical jobs require intelligence, patience, a clear head, and passion. Creative jobs require an idea and the ambition to follow through with it.

Is it possible to have three careers and be successful at all of them? Maybe if I get to the point of success for one, I can then try another.

(bunch of crappy ideas not different from media I was consuming)

Keep watching, listening, playing, and thinking. Don't work for More than 8 hours unless I love it. All that time I dug deep into the Internet to find amazing media counts a experience. I can separate quality from cliche with ease.

Media with less content but more quality is better than the opposite. This applies to indie games, short films, and probably even in poems or short stories. Often creative ideas are pitched within these short media.

Is it because the public is exposed to 1 and a half hour movies that they find 30 minute and 4 hour films radical? What is it that makes people think that anything away from the standard is bad or weird? Is it because they want to fit in and agree with their friends, afraid of straying away? Afraid of being different.

Donald Glover repeatedly says in his raps, "I'm different," as an advantage over others.

I wonder if this attributes to my loner personality. I enjoy everything without the need of sharing with friends. I don't need someone to go out and eat or watch a movie. Gladly I have creative friends that agree with a good portion of ideas, and have their own opinions on the things we don't agree upon. Yet, we can appreciate each others opinions.

Appreciation. That's what it's about. Appreciating differences.

For example, my dad is able to appreciate me. He allowed me to do the things I want with little interference. I'm the oddball of the family, and he's okay with it.   Never forcing me to follow the guidelines. Or maybe I just kept constantly breaking the guidelines and he became as I am the third child.

Holy crap. No more caffeine for me. This is nuts.

There was a kid on the bus that was talking to his friend. He was wearing a purple hoodie. He said, I like things that people don't have. His friend argued, that's impossible [somebody else has to have it]. The kid asked, do you like bazookas? his friend said yeah, everyone likes bazookas. He replied, then I like pistols. His friend argued somebody else also likes pistols, but I understand what you mean.

Is there a genetic difference between creative people and everyone else? Or is everyone creative, but people restrain their creativity to fit the normal social construct.

The people who can appreciate different people are the people that were able to get close to me.

Purge and begin life--art and loving.

Just observe art, make art, and love life.

What's the point of learning if you're not using that knowledge?

Organizational behavior built in a suburban lifestyle. Infinite things to do list, which sidetracked me from the larger things to do. I had to fight that off and focus on what's important.

Make a media that is universal. No words, just pictures.

Help mom by exercise and protein diet.

Just now realizing people work 9-5s...Their whole life. Is this a proper way to live? I mean how much work does it take to live self sufficiently,. I'm guessing much less than 40 hours.

That's the tough part. 9-5. For what? To feed the family. To live. Have to work to live?

Everyone is too busy to help someone else. Even during another's emergency, people do not stop to help. Dazed, occupied, and worn from their life. Unable to strive for anything else. Wasted energy.

For my personality, I cannot live too closely with another. I need space so that I can personally choose and enjoy things. Otherwise I would feel limited, in choice and speed.

Are people so lifeless? Without the will to make a decision for themselves? They just follow the common path to drinking at a club? How. Was drinking something that started in ancient times and people followed this path since? How do people get to this point?

Or is it that people work long hours for something insignificant to them, that they must relax on the weekends to make up for it?

Whats the psychology of an average person? Is it really simple? Do they not see a way out? Is this their perspective of life?

Film about how useless the average life is. How it negatively affects then environment. To display their life and put it in perspective.

Need a day job to struggle, to remember how miserable the average job is, to inspire the individual to do something more creative/personal.

Documentary about indie gaming, jonathan blow speeches, minecraft guy, etc

Document what your personally interested in. Like indie games, social culture/stereotypes

Documentary about the beorgouise psychology. 21st century. Explore the main characteristics of them--consumerism, mass media, etc.

How do you fight mass media? Do you let the world go as is, on it's own destructive path and only worry about yourself? Or should I be helping my brother and sister to see what life can be? Explain to Dad that fox news is terrible.

What was it that made me get bad grades in college? Uninterested in the subject? More interested in other things? Bland professors and courses?

I had a thought that stated: having a large house isolates the individual into each room, similar to the way the suburb isolates each family. Space is nice to have, but it should be optional. I think most people would benefit from living with others.

A film about lifestyles, in a sprawling fashion similar to tree of life. Show the life of different ethnicities (enclaves), in the house, outside, at work, free time. Show different classes. Rich white, poor black, middle hispanic, bourgeois asian.

Documentary about the mind set of low income black people, like Enver's twitter.

In my ideal life, I am a simple living artist. I do not care about what the world thinks of me, or each other. I only care about myself and the few people I value. This apathy is something more than just introvert. It may be the cause of me being an introvert!

A samurai never drinks enough to dull his wits.

The truth is that the world tries to constrain you to be a nobody, a jack of all trades. It is up to you, the individual, to find your own way in life. (perhaps for Jack of All Trades game)

The reason NYC Is dirty is because people don't care to keep it clean. People only care about themselves, and their own business. The extra effort to clean requires cost they're not willing to pay. Things only need to work, it doesnt matter how well, as long as it works.

This is different from the suburbs, most asians, and hippies.  A different personality with different priorities.

Should be able to market a good game easily. It markets it itself.

A game about the movements and psychology of bourgeois, like the attraction game. How consumerism works. How the mass media shapes society.

The bourgeoisie do enjoy the things an individual does, they just don't make the first move. Someone has to tell them what to do, mass media or word of mouth. These sources are somehow prioritized over their own opinion.

The bourgeoisie do not have an opinion. They do whatever people tell them.

if all you ever create/do is for the purpose of entertainment, then the the industry/humans will never progress

Sapana: ewwww. They dont know how to dance (at new orlean hipster crowd).
What characteristics make their dance bad? Because their movement is not smooth? What do you define as a good dancer? She likes the characteristics portrayed by popular society, and finds anything different as ugly.

Even white participation dance songs cater to the uncreative public.

Maybe if I just list things that I never found enjoyable or cool would coincide with things that are not creative.

Broadway is possibly the worst of mainstream entertainment

People say you have to like what you do. I think you should do. And you do it because thats what you want to do at that moment in time.

A single skill or element at an extreme level is not good enough. The entire product must be good, showcasing the skill as a climactic point. Similar to what Blow said about 'finishing your game'.

Oh yeah, tourism. That's very bourgeoisie. A creative person would rather live in another country.

thoughts about the Alaska cruise:
Drink, smoke, attend a family cruise and not see the family, go on a cruise and not attend any events or excursions, buy a $3200 watch...

If I grew up in a family in which my relatives did not drink, would I find people with similar personalities to them disgusting?

I never really understood why traditional art masterpieces were. But after getting into film and other arts through life, then seeing traditional art again, I see it differently. In a different perspective. I now appreciate the artist more, being one myself. I understand the struggle, the personality, the significance.

Being technically skilled means nothing without originality.

A film about a family vacation:
Eh, would be similar to Walking Life. The kids and adults separate, unable to even set a single lunch together.

The kids have fun, rarely talking about current life problems/aspirations, relaxing, enjoying, never wanting the surreal vacation to end. They talk, learning more about each others personalities.

The suburban kids act more conservatively than the city kids, but still put up with each other. The city kids have more energy, waking up, working out, able to enjoy, being irresponsible. The suburban kids sleep earlier, but are more responsible.

The kids that drink separate from the kids that don't. The drinking kids primarily drink at the same places, eat the same things, go to the casino to pass time, but try to attend major events, unsure if they enjoyed it (often art). The kids that don't drink try to pack as many things they haven't done before, following a set schedule, using every opportunity, wasting no time.

[from my perspective] The parents say (tell the kids) they enjoyed the vacation overall. Some excursions are awful commercial experiences, but just being together is enough to have fun for them. The event/excursion barely matters, similar to the drinking kids. Many live a sedentary life, so are physically unfit limiting their choice in excursions. Yet, they are satisfied. Maybe not as exuberant about it as they were kids, but happy nonetheless.

In the end, everyone leaves, giving their goodbyes several times, resuming life as normal.

The family appears to be impolite to society, but they are composed of genuinely great individuals. Have scenes of the kids being loud/obnoxious using a third person view. The people around feeling annoyed. Then use a first/second person view, in which the viewer finds them enjoyable with good morals.
--

The more personal art is, the more realistic it becomes.

It seems I'm gravitating toward Picasso's lifestyle. Working nonstop toward something greater than me. Unable to hold a relationship. Living desolately, unknowingly, only known through my work.

A film in which the characters and/or setting becomes progressively more consumerist/stupid stupor. Start normal/creative, end slave. Possibly a fictional film.

Or a film in which the character progressively realizes everything is done for capitalism. For example, at a cruise, the character starts by booking it as it is not expensive and fits the family's time. The cruise staff appears to be friendly, "wakey wakey, eggs and bacey", but then they begin to sell DVDs, diamonds, art, fresh juice, bingo, casino. They'd do anything to maximize the profit of the company. Nice on the outside, evil by enforcement of then company.

When you are a child, you would spend time on now seemingly silly things, such as creating a huge house out of cards. Later, you realize, those things arent silly, they're more important than anything else you are doing.

Talk to people. It's the only way to gauge my attraction.

Another game that simulates life, especially the part that makes the player's experience dependent on their actions, in a more complex way than good vs evil choice.

It seems the American dream is possible. I never dreamt it, but it's nice to know it's not completely fake.

Ive always felt I could make something great, but I had troubles figuring out how to start. Now, after just dabbling with a hobby/art, I feel it's very much possible. Still, I can only make something great if I feel the idea is worth the time and work, or else I won't feel motivated.

I can even write better rap than Kanye and MF doom. Try it, for fun. No music necessary. Perform it at open mics.

I feel I may never be motivated to go through with a large project. I just want to think of ideas and make small media that express them. That's a problem. Maybe with the help of a friend or team I would be more determined to go through with it? Nah I don't need anyone, I just need to man up. But how can you embark on a large project, spending that much time? I guess I've wasted the past years,  so time really shouldnt be what I'm worried about. Just keep going. I believe im on the right path. Start small, never stop, and I'll get to large projects later.

For games: make a polished prototype and send it to IGF. For small games that I can complete, release it for free, if it's well received, make a complete version and sell it.

For film: make a polished short film, submit it to contests. If its well received, then I guess publishers would be willing to invest in me, or offer some projects?

After working/spending time on arts, finding oneself, I can see why one could wonder, what are they doing? Shouldn't I be spending quality time with the family? Then again, the time spent on art, is better than any time spent at a 9-5, so it's not bad.

What better inspiration then an artist singing their heart out at a local cafe?

Yea, don't worry about the future, just keep doing what I am. When the lease end I'll know whether I want to stay in NYC, go home, go back to SF, or to another city or country.

The flex. The flexing of strings. The physics of it. The reactions of a system once tampered. Could create music, indefinitely, in a vacuum.

As I get older and more experienced there is less the industrial world has to offer me.

I haven't played/beat a full video game since college. Why? Because there is no new knowledge or philosophy to be gained from it. I wonder if I'll get bored of films too...then only books will be left.

I don't seek entertainment. The entertainment that ensues with friends is enough. I want to explore, and never stop. Get re-inspired by some great art or science and continue, wondering I can possibly make something that great.

The timeline of an artist. Have the thought/feeling of being an artist. Then have a more serious thought about it. Then people often start to  learn it whether through school or online research (people can get stuck here, and this step is unnecessary). Then start making stuff (this increases technical skill for whichever medium). Then start to take on larger projects? In order to start a large project, need to look deep into yourself, explore, then express it.

A lot of knowledge is temporary. There's almost no need to write any notes down as you it's often easier to just relearn if you come back to a subject.

Because knowledge is temporary, one should create things while that knowledge is still there. For example, if you go to school for biology, then you should write a paper on something you are deeply interested in.

The only thing you learn as you get older is getting a better sense of time and patience. It takes time to do large projects, but it is worth more than anything smaller.

An thought/idea. The industrial world is distracting. You have to move away from it all, to think on a higher level. Or ignore it all and maintain on your own.

Society dictates that a career should take a certain path. For example, for acting, it is normal to go to an acting school or theatre. This is wrong. The correct approach to a career is to just do it. Star acting, anywhere. Craigslist  some parts. Post it up on your portfolio.

Similarly, society dictates a path for being successful, artistically an monetarily. If you do these certain things, learn these popular/marketable acting skills, you are guaranteed to get a job. Well, maybe you will get a job, but it won't be anything special. You've already been taken off course practicing the skills to get a job in something you now don't care for.

The correct way to be successful is to take the same path a child does. Just create whatever you want to and are currently interested in. The product will be greater because you are intrinsically motivated to do it. When great products are created people will notice and soon people will start asking you for advice.

thinking at a large scale:
In watchmen, there's a character that is the worlds smartest being. That isn't a super power either. He isn't a nerdy Steven Hawkins. He's just a well rounded human. How is he the worlds smartest human?

It is because he is able to step back and look at the world on a higher level, away from the distractions (Facebook, drugs, emotions), and make a clear and rational course for his future actions.

Often after watching a great film or work of art or just knowledge, it blows my mind, and I straighten my life out then. I'm able to separate what is important from what is not. Then I might clean my tabs, desktop, room, my agenda, then begin, without distraction think clearly my future actions.

This is how I stayed somewhat on track.

I'm sure most people of age know this or have a similar idea, but I just wanted to reinforce it. This is what every motivational/inspirational speech has at its core.
--

Remember, you still have a year to make art. Don’t worry about money, keep striving for art. After making things for a year, profit should be easy to obtain if needed.

Ideal life: have girlfriend, move from country to country every few months, make art, repeat.

Put all bookmarks in the todo folder and I'll never look back.
Put all media in my external drive and I'll forget that too. Just an unarchived mess. Do it. Clean your shit up so you can start clean.

All artists do is make stuff. The only stuff that matters are the first and the greatest. Never take on an unambitious project. Explore. Then make something great out of it.

But interest is of the time. Maybe I like games right now, but film later. Create whatever I am currently interested in.

black vernacular:
If you grew up in the south or in a dominantly black area, it's likely you use bit of black vernacular in your informal speech, possibly even having an inner black voice.

Even intelligent people use it. They likely just exclude the unnecessary parts of the vernacular such that is  popularly deemed being used due to ignorance. (I is doing dat)

Instead the vernacular is used for its conciseness. Very few words along with a tone can express so much meaning. (you aiite?, nigga--chapelle episode)

There's also the smooth and cool characteristics to it. There's a conflict here as it's cool to be concise but can come off as ignorant.

People with this vernacular can also relate to each other, often sharing related media (boondocks, chapelle).

I wonder how people who grew up  outside of this culture think. That we're just plain ignorant for holding the dialect? Just do not understand? I'd guess anyone who joins a group of friends who use the vernacular would quickly start using it himself, it's rather fun to use.
--

Make a flexible todo list every morning.

1 post per day. One hour creativity. 2x4 hour work. 30min family. 

But dont spend much time on past products. Only when you feel like writing or cleaning. Do not procrastinate.

Don't use the computer at home. Only use with others around to get work done. Other times should consist of creative writing, reading/valueable arts.

Communicate more, be a leader, begin projects.

The useless stupor. Even I have to catch myself at times from uselessly browsing the web. When I do not have a project that I am interested in, I fall into the stupor. At these times I must be strong, or else I'll become a nobody.

I need to find another project ASAP. Maybe that's what it is. People give up because theyve lost interest with their current job, and are unable to pursue another project.

Helping others view the world from my perspective.

As Americans above the poverty line, we are the 1% of the world.

I think my personality, nearly archetypal intj, is good at getting out of environments that I deem as negative or even stagnant. If I don't like certain people I do not hang out with them, if I don't like my job l, I quit, If I don't like the city I live in, I move. I keep moving to a higher position, until I am satisfied, and the only way I'm satisfied is if I can pursue my interests and make a living.

Keep active by participating in small projects continuously. Only pursue a big idea if I have the confidence to complete it. You'll get there eventually.

Or efff it and go for it, big or not.

The art of staying healthy and focused.

A film that follows the average life in various countries of differing governments. Capitalism, socialism, mixed, communism?. Just an average work day. Are they the same? Corruption pervades in all of them? Consumerism and opposing parties exist in the background.

Become a freelancer for local companies. Make posters, small programs, interaction projects, videos, take videos of shows, fashion, whatever.

Write a blog about troll kit and it's possibilities. The independent steam.

Keep pursuing what interests me. That's it. That's all I have to do. Never compromise.

Ivar is not influenced by money, whereas most others are.

Do martial arts during breaks. Try to stretch every tightened muscle.

Steps in life:
Overcome body influences
Overcome time management
Overcome the system
Overcome the fear of doing
Overcome the fear of doing something large

Control body, time
Do it
Do it with integrity

Preface. The following steps are meaningless as any self help book. It is merely a gauge. To learn, you must do it yourself. A large shortcut to a lot of it is to live alone with just two bags.
--

Hmmm, it may be that the reason I cannot make something large is my lack of leadership. I need to overcome communication. I need to be able to choose my group and lead to success.

It would have just been easier if I had a great mentor to follow.

The trait I cherish most about Ivar: he does what he wants to, without any external influences.

Helping others reach their potential could is another goal

Perhaps why I prefer film, or even comic book to books is because they display more information in less time.

Or perhaps I need to read faster.

Choose a project. Pursue it immediately, before I fall into a slump of unproductively.

As interest in a project increases, the quality increases.





thoughts from 6/27/13 to 9/2/13
In India:
I'm so unidirectional at times that when what I want to do is blocked or delayed, I do nothing.

Sit outside with Bharatbhai. Stay outside.

People keep me alert, keeping track of time.

6/27 and 6/28 were wasted days. I'm thinking about what to do rather than doing it. It's good to think all of the time, but one also had to be doing. I shouldn't be planning full-time. I could be making games! Helping people! Allocate time to planning, don't let it hinder your work. Balance time. Wander. Don't be do inclusive.
Don't sacrifice sleep. Sleep early, don't wake up earlier. The two last days were useless.

You need deadlines. Deadlines and mandatory work are what keep you active. You've been lazy since India because you didn't create deadlines for yourself. In Taiwan and SE Asia, you had deadlines.

Use events as deadlines. Create events to create deadlines.

Learn to manage time:
Alarm at night. Take melatonin. Dim lights. Think or read a book.

Find birthdays. Add to google calendar or tell Facebook to remind me.

Is life without excitement healthy? A routine life. I don't think so. Excitement motivates action, projects, innovation. Don't go into routine. Keep on running around. Consuming. Learning. Wake up because you are excited.

Call Dinesh Uncle to set a date. Or stay at his house and go to the airport afterwards?

I live a life so far from local life. It's terrible.

Would be really cool to be a teacher that creates games to teach.







>6/28/13 in Hong Kong:

Hong Kong at midnight, first night:
Young Chinese professional kids are ending their nights with food. Work hard, play hard. Fashionable clothing. Night shift workers. New York atmosphere. Less dirty, same personalities. I don't want any part of it.

I need to find cool people. They will only be available on the weekends and nights as everyone works. CouchSurf, find cool events, create things to do, talk to people, make games, find studios.

Hong Kong day 3:
A waste. I woke up early, planned what to do, but wandered too much. Not enough motivation or direction. Not enough excitement.

I'd rather live in a random town and work there. Build a community. Make personal art. Somewhere in east Asia, where the people are nice.

Find experimental, new media, contemporary artists in Hong Kong.

I just need to find a community I love to stay in one place. Or create one.

People in cities are wasting their lives away. They could live a better one in a less developed area.

It doesn't make sense to watch movies while traveling. I’d rather spend time living. Talking to people, exploring.

Movies are for lonely people. People who work all day. People that don't travel.

The kid who made this immature film at para / site remind me of myself. A person who doesn't live. Just observes and judges people.

Ask the kid from para / site about the film community.

Lamma island
New Territories.

A plus of cities other than Hong King: there's more to explore. Perhaps can explore China though. Also have to learn Cantonese.

Try YHA or causeway bay for hostels. And couchsurfing!

Creative media exhibition ends on the 21st.

K11 exhibition ends on the 30th.

A film about a mother and son on a normal Sunday doing chores, showcasing the generation gap, especially by the use of technology. Use childhood memories.

No computer job. No locking myself in rooms.

I get anxious after getting ready because it is already so late. It feels like the day is already half way over. Why can't I just wake up early!?

Project coordinator Videotage. Assistant director, Japan.

Eric Siu. Alan Kwan.

Norman maklanen.

Yoann swankamire.
Jan

The trick to traveling is to keep moving. Don't choose or research, just go. The trick to living is to travel everyday for a short period of time. No, travel all the time. Everyday is an adventurer.

Facebook that guy from Videotage.

Facebook that guy from cattle depot about filmmaking communities and local people.

Skype Taiwanese guy.

Need to sleep earlier to think straight. The lack of sleep is destroying my mind. Or I'm becoming a city person. [It seems the city society is shifting my mind in a way I didn’t like.]

I like to observe life, rarely live it.

In order to do work, you have to be with people who do that kind of work.

I'm transforming back into a media consumer. This is not good. I need to think on a high art level. You have to keep traveling. Keep talking. Keep moving. Stay outside. Spend little time inside. Work on installations, film, projects. Local projects. [Hmm, even some in some cities I consume media. I used to associate cities with life, but Hong Kong is not a lively city. Perhaps Taiwan is indeed better than New York.]

When one travels one feels as if he has nothing to do, no responsibilities. This is how life should feel.

I don't need like-minded people. I just need people to work with. It's okay if they are working under me.  I need to be the leader. I need to create work for myself.

I should be thinking all of the time. Design is most important. Fine art is about ideas not practical skill.

Maybe I want to capture life that people have not seen before. The middle class need to be reminded of their fortunes.







In Korea:

Cool artsy area in Korea:
Hong gik university station
Park

Hostels in Korea:
Kim chi
L-zone

Khou San Japan?

Consume locally, the bits of the world people have not touched.

A film begins on a bus. The view spots the main character. The camera changes to one on the ground following the character. Several views of life.

New media and film, advertising agencies

Aim for global art. Giant visions. No less.

Jon blow, Jenova Chen, Miyazaki, Pixar.
Oh Willy, tense guy, head over heels

Lee yong baek
Park Hyun ki

Public Art. Universal art.

Self installation titled Robot.

The new day.

Searching for something that doesn't exist

Learning language with a friend.

Adding screens to a play does not make it interactive,

Think about her:
Ask her: do you have social connections here either job or social that you want to keep? Do you have major responsibilities holding you back?

Try taking a short trip. Just take a transportation out of here, clear your head, and when you come back to Seoul perhaps you might be re-inspired by Seoul.

Playtest Sundays, at schools. Exploration Saturdays, anywhere. Start local, meet neighbors.

The city makes me look down, away from people, focused on work. There's too many people in cities. It's impossible to pay attention to them all. You have to ignore people to get to your destination.

NTT intercom center
Ycam

All I have to do is choose a job. Freelance. Then do it again.

Chuncheon:
2. Buy a phrasebook
1. Buy a SIM card (olleh, KT?), try tomorrow. If fail, ask people for directions.
Makguksu
Dalgalbi (night)
Puppet festival?
Makhuksu and dalggalbi festival?
Animation museum
Hike to a high village near Gangchon
Cheongpyeong temple
Gaegogi
Pat Bing Su

Consume national media

To learn a language you just have to consume and socialize. Two things I am bad at.

나눔과 미래 (sharing and future)

Daum, naver

신영복 - "감옥으로부터의 사색"

Chunhakdong
Guengneung

Donghe pyongcheung bienniale?

윤운복
표찬용

Steve McGill
Charles Orear

I don't care for the art at alpenisia because it lacks life. Only two were nice. A robot which interacts with video and made of junk, and statues of a person's life.

There's little to no interaction with these installations.

You have to keep meeting people. Keep contact with good people. Keep trying. Don't work alone (unless you feel you have enough motivation to complete a project alone).

Playtest every night. Ask people for controllers and a USB hub. Ask universities to playtest. K-arts, Seoul, seogang.

Contact Simon. Determine, Japan vs Taiwan. Update Tomo and that one girl.

Contact that one guy in Korea. Watch a Kim Ki Duk film.

Be social during the day.

One picture per day. Keep your head up.

Beard and Santa hat for MJ and Eun-Chun

Ask Dad to send SIM card

To take on a job is to give ones time of life to it. It is of utmost importance to choose carefully.

Jangrong cinema

from HONY:
"I want to be an architect." 
“In thirty years, if there is a newspaper article about you, what will it say?” 
“It will say that I underachieved.”
“Underachieved? Why’s that?”
“Because I can do all the work, make the right grades, and get all the right degrees. But once I’m off on my own, I won’t be the guy pushing for new clients. I do really good work, but only when I’m working within a structure.”

“Everyone is like that. You just have to practice discipline and routine so that you can create your own structure.”

thoughts on Humans project:
Photography
People
Moments, like the guy biking in the train lane
Have to stay outside and keep head up
Capture the good and bad. Question people and society. Criticize yet see that people are human.
Start out close to hostel. Learn basic phrases. Translate excuse me, do you speak English? Can I take a photo of you and ask some questions?
Just keep this idea in mind everyday to keep you more social.

Questions are conversational. What are you doing. Where are you going. What do you want to do.

Cafes are useless, until i gain enough vocabulary to listen to conversations. The only good thing is that they are in the public. But the hostel is a much better working environment.

I need to consume all the time. Never be alone. Keep learning.

Less indecision and more doing. No fear, no care.

Yesterday felt great, simply wandering the subways and streets of Seoul. Everyone was busy, except me. I just watched, talking to the non-busy ones.

Rudy guns.
Crying nut.
No brain.
Galaxy Express.

When moving from an undeveloped to developed country, the increase in money and conspicuous consumption hits me. The needs are the same, yet the only difference is money. People get used to this life. People don't think about minimizing their belongings, or using less money in daily life. They have a job and its salary determines their lifestyle. It's non-sensical.

When traveling one is constantly making decisions, like a good designer. Thinking, contemplating, maximizing value in time.

Live robot exhibition, moves depending on interaction (touch, possibly other senses) according to a set if rules. There is a pattern to find. The winner gets a candy.

Only when I am alone do I push people away, and waste time, or feel that time is wasted.

Celedon pottery. Shapes matter.

Color themes. It's best to use craftsman in art as they already spent years mastering it.

So engrossed in classics I let the days go by without reading poetry.

Hex mirror.

Nam jun paik, faust

Kimsooja, a needle woman

I'm consuming a lot less. I'm less excited. This is. Bad.

The lack of consumption and brain use keeps me up late night. I'm not doing anything. I'm not designing. I'm not balancing time. I need to think more, a lot more.

Think games, film, photography, travel. Walk outside during the day. Meet people. Practice Korean. Talk to old people, kids, volunteer, watch a Korean drama, watch a Korean movie. Try Mandarin schools. Contact Art Residencies in East Asia and Paris. Contact NTU. Contact language schools. Contact film school at NTU.

Back button should go to Character Select.

Test Doodle Tangle on Sunday. Book hostel for Monday and Tuesday.

Doodle Tangle next week? Depends on language schools in Taiwan.

See date in Taiwan.

Multi-task! Learn languages while programming. Design other things while programming. Contact people to do more work.

Organize playtest for next week at a Korean University, or, Nabi, or art pool.

A blog about value in time, and work in time, and why digital games are not worth the time. Not even indie games. New media. Public art. Direct effect and feedback. Little to no work, just ideas. Like 

Try scholarships in Paris and Tokyo for language. Try ITP after releasing a few games.

High heels remove floor. Glass pillar, with sign a little above eye level.

Begin street photography. Begin Vincent Moon videos.

Go out more. Talk to artists.

One shouldn't need reason to go out in the morning. Just go out.

Today is terrible. I woke up at 3pm. I have no social life. I've lost track of time. I need to contact more people. Set dates. Do more. Create more. Faster. Much faster than programming. Start a business, like a hostel or cafe. Start a NGO. No office work. Real work. Talk to people.

Still, don't need routine. Just Need to wake up early enough to meet people, and go outside.

It only takes two days to make a fun game or good film. Never forget that.

Perhaps I don't need to wonder out everyday, but I should go outside and get some sunlight, and be in the public as much as possible. I feel more powerful then.

There's no reason to see things or consume something new alone. It's just that feeling of being outside that's needed. Once a day, like the mother from the hostel in Nepal.

Think about what to do every morning.

Going to specific events is being narrowly social. I should spend time with everyone around me.

One has to live a normal life to inspire art. One can't just focus on art. One would become narrow.

Seoul was not meant to be. It wasn't since day 3.

I just need to not worry about finding people in Seoul and just live and work on Crystal Brawl. New experiences!

Consume life, not art. Travel is the best way to consume life, but it is temporary.

The Korean play is no different than a Korean sitcom. Why would anyone make this? I bet it's fun for the actors and there's an audience foe it. It's good to watch to learn the language and learn cultural differences. There isn't much else going for it though. It's no different from the play on India or Hampton Roads. No ambition. Same old tropes.

I need to live alone and observe the world, yet retain a social life.

Watching a play is like watching tv in real life. At least, popular plays.

I guess non-fine art is fun with people, but terrible alone.

There's no design. No thought.

--






thoughts from ~2/14/13 to 8/6/13:
in New York:
Putting myself in an uncomfortable position makes me more productive.

Perhaps the slump hits hard only because I previously never had something I was excited about.

Lectures are just people who are currently interested in something and want to talk about it.

Convey the feeling of being in a slump. Finding nothing in life exciting. Slaving over old long-term projects. A step toward becoming a slave to capitalism, to the world.

Lectures and similar events are nice. It's people talking about things they are currently interested in, "passionate" about, no matter how obscure. (after babycastles valentines day lecture)

I'm neither tiring my mind or body enough to sleep. I must not be outing enough work hours in. [Winter coming?]

Anand bazaar
37-49 74th st

Practice pulling focus on a dog in a park

I need to constantly explore. Physically and mentally.

Hm. Today I went out to take pictures and i wasn't excited as I was on friday. Bad sleep and diet? Or the fact I've already explored that part of new york.

Perhaps school, even elementary is not the right way to teach as it reinforces people to study before doing, instead of doing.

Don't think far in the future. Just think what to do now, and do that, then there will be a less chance of work going to waste.

Just do it. Make shit all day non stop.

I think this is because when I am am healthy I am more likely to digress. I need to have something to do that I am  motivated for or else I will digress, over-research.

Eh, not pretentious enough

Remember to take a morning off to travel and think. Bring a book to read and a composition book to write ideas. Then go home and complete an idea.

Why do bums live on?

After traveling through the Bronx and Queens, the difference between city folk and the suburbs are clear. Although the architecture is still city-like with large buildings and tiny shops, the characteristics of it is still suburb. The shops and restaurants are dominated by corporations. The people are boring. They really do follow "the system". Making no decision for themselves. They wear the same branded clothing, shop at the same places, eat at the same places. They work for corporations because they are scared of trying something new, it's too risky.

At this point, my excitement for the city is over. I have to take large outdoor trips or travel to Hawaii or Japan. Somewhere completely different.

Buy a stereo system. It's worth it. If not, high quality headphones. Zack's stereo system and my stereo system at home make a much larger impression for me. Ship my stereo system to SF?

Take S3D video of S3D video playing back. [play with 3D]

Black casual shoes like the karate ones from pearl rive market

Again, does the drive to do something exist in personality (genetics) or the person (current psychological state)?

Again, some people are just content with the way they are living so a drive does not exist.

Ginger Beer
Yelp Mai li wah 7-10:30 everyday

My drive may be linked to my desire to have new experiences.

When sleep deprived I am better at experiencing external things, all of my senses are heightened. When I am healthy I am able to do work. Am I more susceptible to following a conventional path of uselessness at either time?

Getting high is very similar to sleep deprivation

If I ever go into a slump again, I should smoke. It could realign my recent life.

Im still not at the level of zack. I'm confident enough to do just about anything, but nothing as large as zacks projects. I think I fall back on the risk of failing, losing money.

Documentaries still put me to asleep, although "the average of the average" was purposefully boring. Still, I don't enjoy narration, actions speak louder than words.

Perhaps I can film things, then using creativity in design, I can create some kind of media out of it. For example the neighborhood difference video can have voiceovers taken from 50s shows or readings of an intellectual's criticism of the upper class.

Follow Zack's accomplishments at the same age he did.

Are there any good films that chronicle the life of an indian immigrant? From no money to owning hotels.

The Truman show like show would do well in contrast to current reality shows.

Document bums to answer my questions.

Watching TV without sound makes it easier to see how ridiculous a show is.

Near future: live in Japan, Hawaii, backpack across diverse terrains, release a full game, make a film, make a song, make an art installation.

Make, make, make. Explore too, in media, people, places.

Explore and Make.

Don't forget about your family.

1 year in India with parents.

Look up. Look around. It's beautiful. Take public transportation without a rush. Take a trip. Bring my camera. This is the time I think best.

Become an artist. Create enough work that art institutions around the world are willing to take me in for residency.

Music, record own sounds to fit exactly what I want. Don't loop. Keep the flaws. Each flaw makes it more original.

Can really feel your body. Time goes slow or fast. Senses are muffled or heightened.

Before graduation I explored through the internet. After, I explored the world, ideas, art, game, film, etc.

Make a road trip out of the return trip.

How did the world become what it is? Corporations eat the expenses of the lowest of classes.

An art installation that forces people to create music or dance together without music playing.

Need a unique characteristic in film to make it clear that it is mine.

Learn when to let go and when to strive.

What's most important is to never stop.

Only experience media when senses are heightened. At night. Morning.








[short period at home, see College park friends, then go to SF]




















San Francisco:
My personality is very project driven, things to do. I do whatever I have to do. It's only when I don't have things to do I create things to do.

When I have a full time job I only worry about the things I have I do to for work, not allotting time to anything else.

How big of a role is emotions in a the lives of personalities that are affected by emotions?

Does it stop people completely, restricting them from doing anything? Only a chance of recovering?

Are logical personalities more robust? It's certainly given me an advantage.

Is it that I am devoid of emotions or I am above it? Most art, including mine come from personal feelings. I just don't sweat the small stuff. See the big picture.

Modify occupy wall street game to use economy.

Find indies.

Watch some media.

It feels so good to be on transportation writing out ideas.

[checked out game companies in SF]

Play and make stuff. [life of game developer]

Think about how small joust, horse beat off, the universe are

Never overeat again, making it my only meal of the day.

Remember: live life and make stuff. Don't spend any time doing anything conventional: job search, etc.

Uprock - fucking amazing

Hm. I could have stayed at home and made things. It just wouldn't have been collaborative because of the lack of artists. That's the only reason to stay in a city. I need to find a like minded group of people and make things.

Perhaps SF is too businessy.

Make a few simple games with processing or openframeworks

Hokra, pole riders, uprock

The actions of the player reaps resources. Different actions for different resources. Gestures. Timed/combo buttons.

IPhone, iPad, gestures
Fingle
Girp

Think about what the best input device would be. Tablet? Motion capture? Pedals?

Network with SF indies.

Go for only the most innovative and ambitious ideas.

A comic book made for iPad/iPhone format.

For ideas, just whip out a composition book and a theme, then paper prototype

Find indie developers in SF. Collaborate.
Find indie filmmakers in SF. Collaborate.
*****Work and play nonstop everyday
Get a part time job
If I don't do well, I have to go home and continue. But before I go home I must make a solid group of friends.

Jon blow reboot, all speeches
Sword and sorcery

Twitter golf
Laser Pointer game

Ikea design, shanghai old people find love?

Fine art vs commercial art.

Think about what the world wants most.

Collaborate. Discipline barrier. Personality barrier.

Jenova Chen

8 hour work. 2 hour media. 1 hour todo.

Aim for something universal. Miyazaki. Tree of Life.

Find a cheaper apartment.

[food places]

Remember to go out and have fun once in a while, it's SF. Its easier to socialize.

SF has a small town feel. The CAAM worker recognized me after a year.

Much more participation and fun.

The girls. The variety of taste. The colors.

Even if many are young professionals, theyre all not terrible.

Design methodology. Start with game concept. Start with an emotion or feeling. Start with a question.

Can get better news from twitter than the newspaper because it is personalized.

1. EGP economy.
2. Portal shooter game. Simple but competitive like hokra.

Kashmir is beautiful.

Print a manifesto to live by.

Game ideas blog

[more food]

add to game development manifesto:
All game mechanics should be associated to a feeling.

In life, there are many distractions. Things to do for the family, for the car, for money. Many things that influence ones actions. To achieve pure art, one must isolate themselves. To allow the mind to wander freely, without constraint.

Quayola, strata #4

play with visual in processing and open frameworks until I find something I like.

Play with sounds until I find something I like.

Really just have to do it. Like a child. Make noises. Play.

Play with things until your taste finds something you like and explore that more, turn it into a product so that the world can see what you see. A telescope from an explorer.


Create a music video with a creative framework.

It helps to close your eyes to visually see a design, and explore it.

It really does help to focus on a single idea and keep working on it. So much comes from constraint.

Scott snibbe and max Wiesel

He tries to find a way to make his interactive art accessible. Tools to break the barrier for a mainstream audience.

Biophilia

Music nirvana. Play by feeling without thinking about how.

The reason I fall asleep to dpcumentaries is because the dialogue is often more important than the narrative. When I watch a movie, I am paying attention to the video, trying to figure out what is going on, what the characters are feeling, or just along the ride.

Documentaries are more of a 1:1 communication. I am being told an idea, without given time to think.

Night fishing was amazing. Proof that the camera does not matter. So much can be done in editing and proper shooting.

Factory Fifteen, showed use of visual art in the film medium. So if there is some kind of cool visual art, try to make it into a more consumable medium, such as film or video game.

The point in which a person is not thinking creatively and only consuming is the persons downfall.

Exercise to get warmer instead of eating again when blood sugar is high.

Take closer shots with photos.

Wake up, get out of the house, and stay out as long as I can.

A game that is multiplayer offers motivation because you can watch players play it.

Feel good the day after watching a film at night

Buy underclothing to control body warmth.

A game at the pace of a well-paced movie

Novel idea -> make it -> add emotion -> polish it

Try to let the player go through certain feelings.

Bean's games are technically simple but emotionally work

Take a break. Think on a high level. One project at a time.

Explore north beach, Chinatown, russian hill, nob hill.

Reading Calvino is like reading poetry.

Do more physical experiments

Strong emotional associations with objects or people can make it difficult to act rationally around them.

Our emotional responses are very sensitive to the reaction of others.

New goals. 1. Finish a game. 2. Experiment - cake is a lie, play with physics, ameba, boids, see where it goes. 

Size of media matters. Big screens. Planetarium. Art at d-structure.

I think it's the open space of libraries that helps me stay focused. Or that it's just not what I consider to be home. Or that it's in  public.

Taking a shower could be a good way to get warm, if exercise does not work.

Pong for iPad thoughts before sleeping. Ball increases velocity for each paddle it hits. Or could make it like volleyball, only the last hit is fast. Velocity retains for the player after a round? Could be four player! Like ice hockey? Eh, stick to drawing.

Most films rely on a story with humans or beings with human characteristics. Is it possible to make a film that expresses just as much emotions without people

When you're not feeling great and exercise does not help, unmotivated to work, watch a movie or read Calvino or poetry.

[SF events]

Traditional mediums don't excite me as much as new mediums.

I am an independent game developer. That is what I want to do. That is what I will do. Even if it means I have to take a loan.

Although it would be great to be back in the scene in New York, it is not needed.

It's so easy to determine the quality of art now. These free comics are all worthless because they do not push the medium in any way. It's just hero stories.

Finish games. Keep creating.

I go through phases of interest/motivated and lack of interest.

When im interested I work all day and go to every event. During this time its easier for me to lose sight. I'll work endlessly on a project that ends up having mediocre design.

When I'm disinterested I don't think much, my mind isn't racing with new ideas. I just work at a casual pace. Much slower, not tracking time. More focused on a single project.

Need side projects to keep me interested. To form new ideas. Babycastles.

Don't waste time by getting a full time job. It has to be with people I admire. A better use of time is to simply work independently from home.

Ideally independently working in NY and helping Babycastles out.

The weather makes a large difference. I need to either live in an area with warm climate or wear underclothing all of the time.

Release early and often, and with rap music.

Eyebeam

Starpause, made, pinball museum in alameda

Game don't have to be complex, it just has to be new. Think pinkies up, joust, fingle, comic book game, moon over the bay, today I die.

Games should have a social context or affect emotionally rather than use new technology or input devices.

Should think about interaction. The touching involved in fingle.

Based entirely on feeling.

Surrealism

Go outside everyday. Library, cafe, noisebridge, MADE.

Work on pinkies up.

The reason I began procrastinating is because i am not creating a product. Learning without practical use does not work for me. It's too directionless.

1 game / hour / art piece?

Perhaps I prefer modern media because it has to explore something new. Something that hasn't ever been done before.

Perhaps my main problem is my short attention span. Thats the reason I'm likely to wander around Google for a solution instead of just doing the work. Also the reason I'm a slow reader. I just need to catch myself, stay focused all of the time. Keep my standards high and see the big picture.

Quickly read 1 chapter per day. Time myself.

Excercise tip. Don't set reps. Take a quick break and repeat until unable to do anymore.

All entertainment should be done at night, including reading books. All creativity should be done during the day, can read Calvino to help.

Get all the sunlight you can

Sleep on time. Work and design for first 10 hours?

Make a game using old technology. eBay or craigslist the parts.*

I think video games could lead to animation, film effects, and experimental film. I don't want to make a traditional film.

If I made a traditional film, it would be in the vain of realist directors, in which I hire non-actors in another country in which I temporary lived in.*

Remember, to be productive there must be an objective. Don't mindlessly wander about.

The reason my past projects failed is because they were not ambitious enough and I did not have a teammate or community to back me up.

It's important to prototype, meaning playtest, all of the time, and then iterate.

Current thoughts about future: go home, then either to NY for the community or travel abroad.

The most important thing is having  a project to be passionate about. Then everything else, exercise, diet, social become secondary.

New cafe everyday, or even outside! Choose new area every night.

[healthy groceries]

My mind gets stale after being in the same confined area. Perhaps cafe hopping, couch surfing, backpacking is the way to go.

Become a general designer. Go to different countries, villages. Figure out their largest problem. Create a solution.

World engineer continued. It would be cool to travel, stumble upon a village with a problem, design a solution that is effective and elegant, and hope it inspires the village and whoever that passes by.

Jenni Nelson. Think high level. Take time to think about designs. Take breaks.

Film is still a powerful medium. It can displace the viewer.

Guh. Never overeat.. If you do, work out soon after.

I'm counting programming as productivity, when productivity without design is useless.*****

Move once a month. Backpack to a new area once a month (or when I get bored). City to village to new country.

Creative programming is the ability to create any design imagined.

Engineer turned designer.

I think I'm getting better at figuring out what my body wants to do: design, work, socialize/exercise, etc.

Talk to Jon about exploring. Hiking. Going to cafes.

Maybe it was the lack of social life that left me directionless. Being around people keeps me on track.

Going out everyday is working. The times at which I am working are productive, and the times at which I am not, I am experiencing new things. Keep it up!

Ask to port Roadeo.

Although interaction is the core of a game, sometimes the polish of design can be inspiring. (thinking about Harold)

Going out everyday does help. It's inspiring to explore, easier to work in a new area. But it doesnt have to be everyday. Can take a day off and work near home. Just be sure to alternate.

Never set an alarm. I feel great even after sleeping for 10 hours. There's a difference between oversleeping due to lack of motivation and making up for past lost sleep.

Children museum June 1

I like experimental art performances. Many bring people together to a close space and show something new, in which the audience is somehow able to appreciate all together whereas it would have seemed insignificant experiencing alone.

There's a difference between hipster and a great person (usually considered an artist). Great people are humble, unassuming.

The use if computer vision (or just post-processing) could be a way to bypass the amount I work required for animated film. Or be a way a tech artist.

Have an ambitious vision that you feel for, and go for it.

The cold weather affects me too. Feel like eating and doing mindless work instead of designing.

Savory food when cold, sweet food when warm.

Aim for critical reception, not profit.

Take time to think about a game fully before starting. Unless its a 1-7 day prototype?

A game must be multiplayer.

Spend a quarter of the time designing. Design before implementation.

My largest problem is that I don't design or think before working.

Keep going out. Don't stop. Like Kunal and Gina.

Everything should interact visually and sonically.

Investing in myself right now is a great one, far better than college.

Reading code takes longer than writing code. But it's nice to read well written code.

I think it's possible to get to a point in programming in which the artist can implement any design they think of.

A problem in implementing something large is the want of finding an easier solution which requires perceivably less work.

In many business cases this works. But in innovative art and design this does not work. The best method is to create it on your own, step by step. No solution exists because it has not been done before.

With technology, people have become less careful and reduced have reduced their attention span. When a photographer with a digital camera take a shot they capture several pictures, look at the result, then determine if it is good. Before, photographers had only one chance, limited film, and could not see the result.

Same with programming. Programmers write a small amount of code, compile and check for errors. Whereas before, programmers couldn’t check because compiling takes hours.

Watch more Koreeda. And great films that move you. Don't waste time on lesser media.

Make things that will be appreciated universally. Make it as of a child were to see it. Broad in scope.

Maybe the reason films affect me so much is because they transport the viewer to a new place. Which can feel like exploring.

Maybe the reason I can run all night is because I am thinking at a slower pace than during the day.

Important things: body, creations, experience, family, friends.

Periods in life:
External interests. Go out everyday to a new area.
Internal interests. Want to do productive work and imagine designs.

[cooking things I like and experienced in SF]

Should just make stuff jam style everyday. One project per day. A comic, poem, video, music piece, anything.

When living in the suburb, people strive for efficiency and comfort, but actually end up striving for laziness. Setting up the optimal house.

UC Berkeley's campus reminds me of College Park. It's beautiful. Should make something that harks the feeling of youth and nature. Tree of Life succeeded immensely at this. But it can be done in other mediums.

Make nature in the digital age. Mimic the feeling on digital devices.

Think of a few ideas for hackathon and try it! Use OF, unity, or monogame Thursday and Friday.

What if each device played different music? Just a few ambient sounds.

Harold and Maude? Boy and girl. Maude has a flower on her head?

The reason I had good thoughts in the shower or before sleeping is because they were the only times I wasnt busy. You have to allocate time to just wonder in thought, design, write, visual design

Buy a bike.

Bike to new area everyday.

Enter some design contests. Make posters.

A lot of futurists are writers or concept artists, because there is no way to implement their designs.

Learn how to draw to better illustrate my designs. Be a polymath. Then I could create storyboards and help others understand my vision.

What if everyone perceives the world differently, but can still influence another's perception?*

Parents try to create an environment for children to live in in which they do not worry about money. They don't force financial responsibility until high school, college, post-college, or never. They do this so that their children can think freely, in hope that they figure themselves out and find a path which befits their nature.

Bus window that pixelated everything?

Im currently thinking slowly because I do not have a deadline.

Even employees of Google, touted for its work environment is, still get the feeling they are just a cog.*

Google's headquarters has a boring exterior. No different from any suburb office park. Why work in a remote area when you can work in a city? Why build such an area?

People in the suburbs worry about silly things.*

I'm abusing  travel as a way to stay active.

80% of train fatalities are caused by impatience. 18% by accident. 2% by suicide. That's a good statistic to measure people's priorities, and how society transformed them (their priorities).



conclusion:
“I'm counting programming as productivity, when productivity without design is useless.”

Overall feelings in SF seem to be consuming media and reacting to it, but creating something similar to it. Also, my work ethic was based on full-time work ethics: 8 hour work. Work being programming because I was into game development. This lead to less time for personal development and deep reflection. Instead it lead to just work hard play hard ethics. My thoughts were extremely narrow, of game development, design, art, and technology. There was very little life. Often I would work 12 hours per day. Work being programming. Though I explored some, I didn’t socialize enough. I attended narrow events within my interests. I lacked community. I lacked friends to finish projects with. My body was at it’s health peak. I followed my body’s needs. Exercise and healthy food, yet, I accomplished zero things. No productivity. No human interaction. A complete failure. I spent no time exploring thoughts. My thoughts were absolutely shallow.
















At home?:
Maybe I feel like creating films during my down times. During these times I make observations of my past and contemplate my future.*

Ask to test game wherever flip cup is expected to play.

By now, I'm sure it's natural for me to wake up between 10-2. I slept through school. I came in to work as late as possible. While unemployed, I woke up between 10-2, even during my peak inspiration moments. After waking up, I can think clearly enough I design for about 6 hours and productive for 10-16 hours depending on inspiration/excitement.

The reason why I am silent during family events is because my values greatly differ. As they converse about sports, plan the next event, notice baby physical features, debate what to eat, debate what to do next, I cannot relate. I don't value meaningless conversation. I'd rather talk about something deeper.

My friends are closer than most of my family members because their values are close to mine.

If there is a fruit I don't like, make a smoothie out of it!

Time flies while I'm at home. I think at a fraction of the normal speed. I'm not excited, nor am I bored. I am productive, but uncreative. A good time to catch up on media, work on some projects, think long-term. Gladly I have a few designs to implement.

Read in the morning. Design after. Then begin work

After watching Enter the Void, I am reminded of Zack's ambition. Be as ambitious as possible. Make something huge.

If a person holds no ambitions in this world, he suffers unknowingly. If a person holds ambitions he suffers knowingly, but very slowly.

For such a recluse and introvert, this passion for closeness seems odd.

Does ambition and excitement exist in everyone? Is it simply constrained? Or do personalities exist without such ambition?

Only when I am home I think of the past. Away from home I think of the present.

In the past, I separated my relations into groups. Family, family friends (Indians), neighborhood friends, school friends, college friends. I was embarrassed to show one group or individual to another. I think because the groups had different group mentalities. For example

Reading about a world with no tie reminds me of the impact of images. Should watch that imagery-heavy film again, or another by that director.

For it is only habit and memory that dulls the physical passion.

As being at home diminishes my excitement in life, I learn who I am in the perception of normal people.

Going out everyday is important to me. That's a sign of excitement.

I don't feel like working because I am not excited. Buy a bike. Enter contests. Participate in events. Design and create new stuff.

Sports simulation drafting with money is a form of gambling. Hearing guys talk about it remind me of how old people gamble in a Edo period film.* [several societies]

Time velocity increases.

While deciding what my next move is, I nearly conclude my decision is based on what excites me the most. Traveling around the world is more exciting than living in NY (and working with great artists).* [hedonism?]

An important thing to remember while traveling is to keep creating. Anything, just keep making stuff.

Talk to parents about their past.

Think out trip. Buy ticket ASAP.

To get out of a depression, do something new. Try a new hobby--cook, knit, farm, something! Bu those are recreational, not art. In order for me to create art--film, music, I need to already be motivated. Hmmmm. Need to see the beauty of home. Libraries don't work like SF because I'm not interested in exploring Hampton roads. I need to I out further.

s&s inspired by Shigeru Miyamoto, Jordan Mechner, Eric Chahi, Fumito Ueda
Sword and Sworcery took over a year to make, with a core team of around 7.

Make videos. Get workflow down. Get editing down. Get audio and lighting down. Get camera handling down. :)

Yes. This is direction.

Buy ticket to Japan. Plan cities. End in India. Come back to New York.

Google art organizations in cinema, interaction, and games.

And that's how I got out of depression. Thinking, planning,  and doing things I love. Make films.

Some people can take on many different trades--cooking, painting,  medicine, etc. I can only do what I am interested in at that point in time. Game, then film.

Music video.

Other artist cities? Other than Tokyo.

Hong Kong.

Macau. Jakarta. Sao Paulo. Bangalore. Paris.

Maybe I'm more interested in cities because they are created by humans.*

The experiences I gain while traveling are very meaningful to me. So are the experiences of creating.

It's wild how different the perspective of a city can change between living in it and out of it.*

Maybe I do have a work hard play hard mentality, except my play is exploring.

Film has the power to transport the viewer to a microscopic area.

Maybe I require daily exploration to keep me in a great state of mind.

In the suburbs people think about how to be entertained with a group of people, usually family.

If I have a job in a field I am not interested in, my personality treats the job as the highest priority, learning everything, trying to do the best. After the learning and creating something once, I become bored. The solution is to work in art.

[sleeping problem reoccurs at home]

Dance can be a great part of acting.

The artists personality: experience new things and create new experiences.

I need people to create things with.

Perhaps daydreaming is what the mind does when it is not occupied, not motivated.*

Productivity is associated to uncomfortableness.*

And so within a month I transformed from a creator to a consumer.*

Conclusion:
Home is safe-haven. No action is taken. The only actions are media study, look at one’s own history, and get out.



















at John and Qing’s buxiban: 
Dont keep track of time when you don't have a current project.

I don't enjoy day care because it is like parenting 15 kids. I'd rather let the kid do what they want to and guide them along if I notice something wrong. I think I'd enjoy teaching a class, as there is a goal.

Although John and Qing live an amazing and simple life, I wonder I'd they were/are able to take on ambitious ideas. Maybe they did, retired, and opened a day care. Or maybe they didn't and they lived simply forever.

I think the best kind of day job for me is of a skilled laborer type. One that requires skill, responsibility, and so I can increase my skill. Doyle's jobs were oil driller, cow herder, and doctor of Chinese medicine.

Current plan: travel Taiwan, try finding art/skill jobs, internships in Taiwan and all of East Asia. Move to Hong Hong and try again. If fail, go to India.

1. Research new media and film production studios in east asia. Check websites for positions. Ask for internship or volunteer.

Zuni icosahedron, babycastles, and similar.

2. If no reply, go to India make game vs Hong Kong living, like US. Game jams, film, music, experimental.

In order for me to think creatively about games or film, I must be surrounded by it. Making and experiencing them. Need to watch a movie or play/read about game often.

It's not worth my time working for money.

Edward Yang studied abroad, worked abroad in a technical/skilled field, went home to Taiwan as a househusband, wrote two screenplays, won 1st and 2nd, and proceeded to make great films.

Less than .5% of people are full time artists. Most work (full or part time). Thats the goal. Work on pure art and work with other pure artists.



conclusion:
I was passionate for design as opposed to life. Though I found the experience amazing, I couldn’t stand it for long because it did not allow me to progress toward modern art. It didn’t allow me time to even think about anything else. A 12 hour job will do that. I would have changed, but it wasn’t a change I wanted. I defeated social determinism by moving.




















9/2
I'm too giddy now, expecting direct result. I need to just wake up and do the work, hour by hour, no excitement from travel. Just talk to people.

Saojong, sonogoong, chopalgeh
—




thoughts from before 9/3/13 to 9/23/13
Blog life in extremes
Travel and emotions, excitement, disgust, sad
A very emotional life
Social / extrovert / happiness / care and unsocial / introvert / soulless
Language barrier
Direction and progress
Wake up, think, then do. Always thinking and designing vs doing without thought.
Doing and indecision

Effects of environment. How making games make no sense in India. How being around slums in Kathmandu made me want to do more social work. How being around people in India made me want to just be around them. How being in New York made me competitive. Why am I so affected by environment? Or is it all temporary? At the end, I left these places when I became comfortable, moving on to consume more.

An extrovert period in Seoul. I made friends at the hostel, spent time with two girls outside the hostel, spent time with one guy I met while traveling, engaging in meaningful conversation, but failing due to language barrier and my failure to express myself, and inability to control my excitement.

Time flies without motivation.

9/3 (Seoul)
The first lazy day for some time, after a day of overconsumption and over socialization.

Humans of New York and Vincent Moon have little to no design, or its all improvised. I like that. Less design, more work.

WTF are you doing. Start work, again. Learn languages, meet people, teach English, little money work, little art work, contact people, repeat. Don't stop now.

Taiwan or Japan? Call schools. Enroll in a class, if fail, go to Japan, then go to Gaoxiong and move in with Simon, taking Chinese at TLI, and making games with Simon. Then move to Taipei and begin business and art studio gigs.

A neighborhood in the city is slow enough. There's no reason to live in a suburb. Suburbs are temporary places to be, along with rural areas. Cities have everything.

Choose one and go. Seoul was never the one, although I didn't give it a living chance. I just decided to work on crystal brawl temporarily here.

When I am alone, everything relies on me. This leads to a dangerous life. I need people for stability, but retain my unstable methods.

Consuming without thought

Get the fuck out of home ASAP everyday. It's beautiful outside.

A person who struggles makes a film about struggle.

Just keep filming, don't worry what about. All that matters is that you are creating stuff. The struggle of travel is not needed, but possibly the best way to think of grand design for me.

Apply for NTU new media and film? Apply for New York. Start new projects, be the leader of Taiwan. Make films all over Taiwan. The country is perfect in landscape and convenient for filming.

Join all festivals. Contact everyone in that country.

Be on top. Be the new wave.

Scooter around often. Think big.

Public art. NJP old TVs at a night market.

Too much thinking, not enough doing. Post-travel feelings.

After class, just talk to people outside. Practice, constantly. Practice with artists. Kids. Elderly. Humans. Vincent Moon. Prolific. Short films with students.

Write scripts, or find some.

NGO work. The life! Stability!

I'm a thrill seeker. I need struggle. I need something to drive me. I need the city.

Short films about society, class, race, like La Haine.

Why Koreans care for their looks, struggle, real life, documentary style. Document the doctor, patient, and more. Make it gritty.

When I'm with people I want to have fun. When in alone I desire struggle. I seek how I feel at the moment.

Panorama North Korea

Introvert vs extrovert in Seoul. Made friends. Valued time with people, anyone.

You have to stay outside. Never inside. Keep wandering. Keep talking to people. Keep working outside. There's nothing inside a building.

I don't feel like exploring Seoul until I figure out Taiwan vs Japan.

I might feel alone in Gaoxiong and even Taipei. How to overcome it? Keep contacting people! Keep taking on projects! Taipei is better for this.

You don't meet people at libraries. You meet them in more social areas. Why are you cutting yourself off? Not currently interested in meeting people?

It all depends on how social I am feeling. That's power. I need to keep walking and talking and doing. Keep on taking projects and meeting people. Don't stop.

Learn Mandarin, French, and Japanese.

Call all Taipei universities and go. Try to enroll into multiple languages: French, Japanese too.

Art drives me when I am alone. My art has to be social, to keep track of time.

Music is what kept me working. I'm unsure if its good or bad. I was happy working in both San Francisco and New York despite a very unsocial life, but I could have done so much more with people.

Music is what kept me working. I'm unsure if its good or bad. I was happy working in both San Francisco and New York despite a very unsocial life, but I could have done so much more with people.

The only time I stop is when a street musician is playing.

Music is what kept me working. I'm unsure if its good or bad. I was happy working in both San Francisco and New York despite a very unsocial life, but I could have done so much more with people.

The only time I stop is when a street musician is playing.

I've become a quiet consumer again, as opposed to a creative, excited extrovert.

I need a girlfriend to spend social time with... And then Songyi called.

When I’m alone for too long, working without thought. I consume without thought.

Games are a viable social activity for Schizoids. How competitive games provide infinite playability, like a sport. How game communities develop. How competitive game tournaments turned into competitive game jams. Blog post.

80s Korean music

Having fun should have no cost.

Perhaps I should play games to maintain social activity. Duh!

No. I should be fighting, for something.

I'm not outgoing anymore, and it sucks.

Think about why I went from on top of the world to not getting out of bed. Is it simply because I have no reason? I should be creating reason.

When my creativity and motivation stops, what is the remedy? Travel? Spend time with friends? Meet people?

What will wake me up?

What will get me out of depression?

In India, I didn't really get out. I just withstood it. I need to stay excited about life as Babycastles do, as travelers do. Don't stop.

You have to be outside all day. That's it.

No learning, just living. Do the computer work and learning at night, or with others.

You have to either travel or work (in a social environment). There is no other option.

Keep consuming. Stay alive. Don't become slow! Keep thinking about your surroundings, not just yourself. Work with people, even if the work is not cool? Well, maybe not for long.

Should find an apartment near the Chinese Cultural University for 3 months, then move closer to central Taipei, or on the edge of it, between CCU and Taipei. Buy a scooter? Need health insurance? Try buses first.

I adapt to the hostel in Seoul. I become accustomed to technology and money. I forget about others. I become less creative. I think less. And I hate myself for it all. I don't ever want to be lazy again.

As I sit alone at the train station, the faces of people appear again. Care for others arise, along with criticism. I begin to watch time.

One should film everything. Anything could be made into a film.

I guess exit through the gift shop did this quite well.

Watch La Haine again.

Sleepy and introverted again. Thoughts form.

I adapt to my surroundings. In Seoul I eat what's around me, at that price, and sleep at a nice hostel. I could have slept outside and eaten cheaper food, but I didn't. I socialized with the people at my hostel. I wandered around hongdae. Because it was close. I spent more money because I was becoming lazy. I became used to the people around me. I stopped caring about them.

I still haven't learned how to be myself in proximity of others.

Why?

When I am with others, I feel that i am with them for some reason, not just living. We have to do something, talk. But I shouldn't feel this way. I should just live, like family. Be myself, even if I am deeply introverted. [or perhaps, the things I want to do don’t fit society]

Should I live outside the city or in it? Will I be able to avoid consumerism in it? I think so. I didn't do too bad in New York and San Francisco.

In Seoul, there was a time where I was closest to a balanced life. I thought about friends, strangers, family, work, personal work, and learning.

It's extremely important to choose great jobs. The highest of design. Learn languages as quick as possible. Be social. Practice. Take it seriously. Learning is key for the future. Don't just think about the poor, do something about it!*

It's easy to meet people in the city because I am likely working with people, because there are people with similar interests. In the suburbs, I work alone. I meet people through public places, which I have to go out of my way to do. I like working and living, not separating the two.

I barely walk for an hour and I see no reason to go further. There is no goal. Nothing to see. No people to meet. I'd rather talk to the people at the fishing area, or just hang out within their proximity.

A day in the suburb went by without excitement. I need people. I need reason to go to places. The suburbs have families, which is what I seek in cities, yet I don't interact with them. I'm not friends with them. I need a job that interacts with families. Maybe that's too social.

The park nearby the hostel is more  interesting than the more beautiful park further away because it has more people. It's more social. I seek social places.

The food nearby is delicious. Never go far for food, unless its for the purpose of meeting other people.

I waste a lot of time in the suburbs. My social time, work time, and interest is low.

I have to play music and language to consume more.

Failing to consume enough on a computer. Nothing beats travel in forms of consumption. To emulate it on a computer, I have to play pimsleur, cafe music, and a sitcom.

My creativity is completely gone. I'm paying for an expensive hostel without thought of work. I'm working on old things without thought. I need some inspiration.

In taking the world for granted. I need to fight for time.

Keep designing. Don't give up. Struggle. You must struggle.

I push Simon away because I want to create space. Stupid move. I could have taught english and taken a mandarin class near him.

thoughts from Busan:
Cars are terrible. It's like a house on wheels.

Koreans and probably Japanese favor clean, cute places, and at temples they remove the authenticity of it, transforming it into something they enjoy, instead of appreciating the original beauty of it.

Their neat and organized characteristics of cafes continue on to temples. The past has disappeared not solely because of the recent influx of money, but because of their culture. They destroyed their past. Too clean for it.

Busan, a suburb city is too slow. Or the hostel is. I need to be surrounded by people all of the time

I need social outlet, and this notepad does not count.

All that matters is time. Do as much as you can!

Moving from the lively hostel I. [?] Seoul to the slow paced hostel in Busan, I remember how difficult it is to keep the pace of life I like -- the city pace.

It feels like the first time I’m eating alone. I hate eating without a day's work.

Overate then overwandered. It's how I felt after working in San Francisco. I overworked myself, then overrate as a reaction to it. It was a very unbalanced life. Even though it was 5 months, I had no social life.

Today I went on without a social life. No reason to talk to others, except for food and directions. I wasn't in the mood to hang out with consumers, and I didn't feel that I'd fit into a bar. The hostel in Seoul was special.

Seoul was an amazing personal social achievement. I made close friends. I kept them. I balanced time, living and working simultaneously.

In Seoul I couldn't rely on sight-seeing to arouse my senses. I had to talk to people to make it livable.

My ability to create new friends, or my interest to, in Busan is not good.

In the suburbs it's too difficult to consume enough throughout the day.

People in the suburbs don't contact the outside world. They only know their family and friends. They don't think about others.

I hate it here.

Language learning is hard for me because I don't like consuming TV shows or talking to people with social norms.

It is difficult to have new experiences while programming. Only music and ambience are new.

9/12
Living and working, simultaneously, is something I feel I've been striving for my entire life.

I feel that work life balance is different. It suggests that they are separate entities. I never feel that way.

Some people can go to an office work, come out, then enjoy life with their family and friends. The work hard play hard lifestyle. I'm constantly trying to fit work in life. I have no hours. I just live.

This is when I felt that computer programming is devoid of life. I spent most of the time in public places: outside, in a cafe, with friends, still it wasn't enough. I wasn't experiencing enough life. I filled the void with films. The only way to do a computer programming job is by having a steady workplace, at home with a family, or in place with friends.

Create a community that does things you love: games, film, new media, NGO.

Thinking of others vs just living.

Talking to the French guy was relaxing. He worked in Australia at Dominos as a pizza deliverer. He loved it. There was no worries. He and his co-workers would find ways to scam Dominos for money -- discount codes, petrol in a can, pizza status codes. He had fun. He had a new experience. That's all that matters, isn't it?

Then why do I always care for people who suffer, and suffer because of it? Why do I feel I have greater responsibilities?

No school makes sense. Go by pure motivation. Fuck anything else.

Start shit all of the time. Run around. Events. Work. Doodle Tangle. Public Art. All that shit all of the time.

The day ends too early. There's no reason to learn during he day. Learn at night, be social and motivated during the day.

Traveling to and around songbaek was a complete waste of time as I wasn't motivated to do so socially nor creatively. I just needed a 5 minute break, which I could've had by walking around the neighborhood.

The power if media is reminded as people from Mexico say that Korean drama and pop is popular. Meh, I don't care for it.

In not doing enough of what I want to do.

My heart pounds, wanting to do more than watch tv and program games. It's great. I hope I always feel that I must do more. Never get lazy.

Lock yourself in Taiwan. Do all you can there. Anything is possible.

9/13
Day: social projects. Night: work.

A nation of consumption caused by its culture. Koreans are more introverted, opting to use cell phones to communicate than talk, and TVs to live life rather than going out. It's the suburban Asian nation. Media through Samsung TVs easily influenced the crowd.

There's more interest in baroque music. Slow paced nature travel shoes, reality game shows, dramas take over the country and others around the world.

People are smart, have great memory and work ethic, but lack creativity and spontaneity.

I only had 5 hours of sleep, yet I feel relaxed. I can learn. The suburbs are a good place to focus on learning. There are too many distractions in the city, and while traveling. But now I'm lacking motivation to create new things, or  have new experiences.

Busan relaxed me. I began working on a game that, during many points in my travel, I did not feel had a great design. So, the suburbs are a good place to work, but its easy to work on something fruitless Its a waste of time. So is learning languages without practical use. Yeah, I'd rather live in a roller coaster pace, having moments of high design so that I don't fall into the comfort of working on something without design.

Perhaps the edge of a city is best. A suburban pace with the city nearby.

It's less exciting in Korea and Japan because the people are introverted. It's like going on vacation to a quiet relative's house. You're the liveliest one.

The audience should be thinking. Nothing should be given.

Ignore the world. Do great things. Think as if you're on top of the world. Forget individuals.

It's wrong to be idle in he suburbs.  "You have to have something to look forward to". I have to transform from travel to creativity, with a social life. Keep fighting for time.

Perhaps it's the grandeur of film, art, and travel, and the strive for grandeur that drives me.

Play test the shit out of Doodle Tangle and Pinkies Up. Release for single iPad / iPhone. Hire Taiwanese to complete game kit code.

Competitive, calculating games and Asians.

Finding the struggle, drama, and grandeur in life. Fight for time. Don't stop learning, making, living.

Once you free your mind of about a concept of the harmony and the music being correct, you can do whatever you want. Nobody told me told me what to do and there was preconception of what to do. - Giorgio / Daft Punk

Creativity does not require travel. Chungking Express was shot in Chris's apartment. I just need to maintain a high state of mind.

There's always struggle, even in the most developed countries. I just have to struggle myself to see it, otherwise I ignore it.

Don't move. Consume less. Make more from less.

9/15 in Osaka
Being inside the house is killing me. Go outside in the morning ASAP, or just talk to people in the house.

Apartment should have windows in the bedroom!

My greatest problem. An ability to be creative in a group.

In a social setting, I don't think about being creative and do what others do, focusing only on the people around me. Because of this, my mind goes slow, time takes longer to pass, and I want to leave so that I can do some "work".

Play Chinese radio all of the time. It's far better than slow, educational audio, to really listen.

To ideas: create a curriculum filled with games, to teach English. Make life fun! Make teaching fun!

A deep feeling of loneliness encompasses me at Tomo's temple in the suburbs of Osaka. Simultaneously, grand visions are created. Grand comes from suffering.

From grand to nothing.

9/16
Need to call Shila too.

The second day in Osaka with Tomo went much better. We were living the whole day: talking to family, biking in amagasaki, meeting chie, playing arcade games, and going back to sleep. It  was like a day of riding bikes when I was younger. It was so full of life. Exploring, experiencing, being sociaI. I loved it.

It was purposeless, yet I didn't feel it was  a waste of time. Perhaps once I'm back in a city I will view it as wasted time.

Tomo and Chie learned to balance time after traveling. Will I be able to do the same?

Today was far better than yesterday in which I was in front of a computer most of the time. I struggled last night. Had thoughts of grandeur and struggle. Today, I will sleep happily, and early, without worry. It takes a full day of life to tire me out. And it takes no ambition or excitement to allow me to sleep early.

Can I live a relaxed, balanced life? I don't think so.

The place I live affects me so much, and I think others too. Some artists are able to live balanced lives and make art. I think they're the crafty types. They find a medium and work at it daily, when time allows. The works are about everyday life. They work on it daily, routinely. Work requires routine. Design requires struggle, a deadline.

I need to utilize both. I've been traveling with high design, but its been so high that I don't feel like doing the work. While working I forget design. My inability to balance life affects my career.

What place is best to live? In places where struggle exist I feel extremely creative. In places where there is no struggle, I can work for long hours, not thinking about the time that passes. Neither is good. I need to combine work and life, as I did in Seoul.

Life is fun in the city. People are excited to live and work. I get along with people who are excited, energetic, about life and especially about work. Perhaps he city is best. The new experiences that cities offers with friends and events is fulfilling. Perhaps I fail to create enough new experiences in my life outside of cities and rely on others.

I was so tense in Hong Kong and the beginning of Seoul. My mind was running at full speed. But what positive effect to the world does it have? None. I only talked to people. Thats it. The relationships were temporary. What affect did it have on me? I was only doing research on places to live. Over-researching as usual, instead of simply living. A life full of indecision.

After random Facebooking, I feel my personality is quite close to Arthur. He's unable to manage time. He takes on gigs and creations by feeling. He's easily excited, uneven. Yet, he loves life. Even if there's a ton of work, he just lets it go on Facebook statuses and friends. He's doesn't mind. He's always having fun. I think I could live a similar life in a city. Maybe.

What is most time effective? Art on a medium affects the lives of many. Studio Ghibli and Pixar deeply affect a great amount of people. Work on relationships, affecting individuals. Fine art is progressive, creative, but it only affects intelligent people.

It seems as hard as I try to balance life and manage time, all I'm capable of doing is living.

Babycastles isn't an organization, it's a way of life.

9/18
The days at Tomo's house were uncreative, lazy. No creativity in work not socially. I woke up late on my first day in Tokyo. I'm not thinking about my surroundings. I'm not thinking about time. I need to start thinking about work a little. Work at night, talk to people during the day.

No feelings in Tokyo. I need to make more social connections to generate excitement, or things to do and places to visit, especially with locals. I need ambition. I should be inspired by my surroundings, yet, I am not.

Reply to Suichi. Meet more people.

Base in Taiwan. Catch gigs in New York, Tokyo, Paris, and around the world.

Download pimsleur and rosetta stone Japanese. Watch cowboy bebop once per day. Translate the entire episode. Read Japanese book, review, and self-test like pimsleur.

For today, use learn Japanese app.

I need to remember that exploring without direction or excitement does not yield a positive outcome.

Next time, just take a stroll around the neighborhood, or talk to people at the hostel, or old friends.

Harajuku on Sunday, yogigi park.

Contact arcade game makers.

Traditional instrument music arcade. Players must be more careful. No sounds from games, only headphones, so that the arcade creates a nice ambience for a nearby cafe.

Taiko game installation, using Nintendo wii game, or better, a PC version, installed at a temple, filmed.

Can place an instrument in a favorite temple of mine, such as the seashell one, one that befits the instrument. Public art, to beautify Taiwan.

I left the hostel without direction because I hate being indoors. It feels as if the world moved without me. I need to be with people all of the time, yet I need to maintain my high level of thinking.

Babycastles in Chinese. Baobaochuanwu. Bamboo sign with neon lights inside. The bamboo is cut to reveal more light.

My works should mix traditional and contemporary, undeveloped and developed, old generations and current.

9/19
In Japan and Korea, it's difficult to see struggle from sight, but it exists. Just not in the form of appearance.

No motivation to learn, only to make. Keep following motivation. Keep creating. Don't stop. Contact people as you did in. Hong Kong.

Learning a language should not be separate from living. Live and learn languages, never in class, unless the class is conversational.

Direction feels so good.

Cafes, like offices, are restraining, especially without people. It's only a place to force yourself to work. Only go if you are motivated to work.

Yokohama is full of old professionals, office workers.

Wasted so much time today, trying to be productive, but failing. The only way is to keep creating direction.

Way too much time spent alone today. Failed to contact old friends. Failed to do anything. A day alone is a waste. Why was I so lazy in the morning? Why am I not seeking social activity? Is it the social norm defeating me? Perhaps I should live in a hostel. Perhaps Taiwan is a better place as I wouldn't mind being like them.

Tomorrow:
Print (top 100 kanji, only 2000, don't confuse with Chinese, or print top 100 Chinese characters) Call police. Get visa. Either come back or stop at a cafe. Pay cash advance (tonight). Inform police. See how far embassy is. Contact organizations. Go to art organizations. Check art events. Apply to NYU jobs. Contact NTU. Contact CCU, inform arriving on 25th. Work on Crystal Brawl. Work on Doodle Tangle. Watch cowboy bebop. Internet cafe for 100 yen!

Take advantage of traditional things in Taiwan. Make use of laborers and crafters. Install art in outdoor temples. Anywhere on the island. Stay outside. Buy a scooter. Take it around on the weekends.

To daily:
Don't feel bad in then morning about waking up late. Step outside. Plan what to do. Then proceed, happily.

I was at my height of senses in Hong Kong because I was transitioning from a developing county to a developed one. That is how I should think all of the time. But then, if I did, I wouldn't have friends. It's tough to live in that state of mind. One has to step down. Seoul was great too, being extremely social. Not even moving without social interaction. I lived by the hour, constantly surrounded by people. In Japan, I failed. With the help of Busan, the suburbs and Tomo's house, I lost a lot of ambition and interest in exploration.

9/20
Feeling restless. Not enough social communication. I need friends, work friends, family. Keep creating and talking.

My heart is going to explode if I don't talk to someone.

9/21 (contemporary museums in Tokyo)
Dazzling light by IKEDA shu
Experiments recorded in real life, reality TV?
Dog sled
Sushi toy trucks
Hirikawa Kota
Sci-Fi photographs, kutsuna koichiro
Edgar close 2009, a metaphysical survey of British dwellings

Life in a different time period is like experiencing a new culture.

Conclusion: old media has been explored for too long. There's more in game and new media.

Color:
Okuyama Tamie*
Matsumoto yuke
Matsuke ayumi
Ikehila Teppei*

A single theme is good.

Tape recorders.
Fictional roller coasters

9/22
New experiences make time pass slow. While traveling I'm always experiencing something new. Meeting new people, seeing new things, taking a new path, eating something new, thinking about these new things. There is no routine in traveling. I wonder, will I be able to translate this to work? Most work requires routine. Only the design stage is new. How will I be able to satisfy my hunger for the new while working?

I think I did well working a few hours at night at hostels, but what about the day time when my brain was dead. Should I learn to do nothing, consume nothing? Is this okay?

I need to live during my night hours. Stay outside, in a park, in a hostel. Keep living and working, even during off hours.

The only way I learn is by creating via motivation. There is no other way. No point of forcing myself to learn.

9/22
Today is such a failday. I thought it was better to stay directional, but without social life it doesn't make sense.

I'd rather consume more than less. I'd rather be social than not.

One way to do this is to have like-minded peers. Another way is to balance work and life, separating the two, hopefully not by too much.

9/23
Depression in Tokyo. Failed to create connections. Thinking very slowly, without excitement. Will I pick up in Taiwan? Can I do it alone? Hopefully I will be social with the people at the hostel, and the public. I just need to stay outside.

What caused this? Going to Busan? The slow pace of the suburbs? The lack of constant social activity?

Maybe the coffee did help.

Busu.com
 - language exchange?
 - practice Japanese, Spanish, French

Forgot hirigana/katanaka charts

While traveling, one wants to eat, meet people, talk to people. Everyday life things, but in the perspective of a traveler, these things are new. New food, people, culture, sights. How does one maintain the excitement when one has seen everything? Media? Creativity?

Was it the coffee that kept me going hourly in Seoul? The heat? No commute?

I’m focusing too much on fine art as opposed to the things around me as I did while traveling.







thoughts from Japan before 9/24/13:
Blog. Alone, again. Without constant social connection. The safety switch is off. Hours pass without excitement. Only fine art satisfies. Life is dull. I'm not extracting experience from life anymore.

I go to the Tokyo game show, late, without care or motivation. There's an indie game zone with many indie developers, but I just don't care for the moment. I talk to a few, but its unimportant. It's far from life.

Many of the developers have spent years to make a single game. How is that possible? How can one choose to work on something for so long? Braid is one of the few games worth lifetime. It was only two people.

Many of the developers have spent years to make a single game. How is that possible? How can one choose to work on something for so long? Braid is one of the few games worth lifetime. It was only two people.

Are these game developers able to balance life and work? Are they happy?

I play some games that people spent years on in a few minutes and feel I am done with it, or have experienced it before.

Is this where fine art comes in? New to certain people?

I've experienced so much recently in such a short period of time. I wonder, why would I spend so much time for such little effect on other people?

Things I felt: single player games are useless, unless it manages to compel one to play as Braid does. Any genre game is useless.

Perhaps something more geared toward art is better for me. New media. Film. Few games compare in making the same impact as a good film. It lacks life, especially of its single player. Multiplayer games are special.

Or, is it just my current mood?

There seems to be a choice. I could live a happy life in a country with generally happy people, likely putting less time into work. Or, I could struggle to make something great, in a city, spending more time on work and alone. For now, I choose Taiwan over New York. I think I will be happier there.

The indie gamers spend time polishing a game to work for a large audience, making it somewhat commercially feasible. I'd rather just keep experimenting. Making new things constantly, as opposed to a long single project. I'd like to keep games as an artistic expression, and do something more social for work. Perhaps some simple service job which interacts with people.

Or, I just need to talk to someone. Or, I need direction.

What started this lonely bout? Watching a film? Tokyo? Lack of interest in exploring Tokyo? The amount of time commutes take? The time between social contact?

I'd rather live Jon and Ching's life than Jonathan Blow. It's more fun.

There's no end to life. No settling. An infinite roller coaster.

The music performances were worth their time: hours of it. An indie lasts minutes and often isn't worth it. Performances only affect a few people though. Mediums allow broad access. Is it worth the time to craft on a popular medium? I don't think so. Just record a performance well.

The crowd for the music performance was narrow. International, but about 30 people attended it. It's odd to join such narrow event, clubs, after traveling.

The city provides like-minded people that create things that satisfy similar people. It's the reason why I would live in cities. To have friends and an audience. But now, it just seems like a bunch of geeks gathering. It's too narrow. If I do make an art organization, it should allow anyone to enter, and not be so narrow. Just fun. I'm glad to choose Taiwan over Tokyo. It retains the social sense of Asia. Tokyo could transform me into my narrow New York indie game film self. In Taiwan I feel I would be forced to create alone, more, without influence of similar people. Just friends and live and make stuff on the side, for fun.

Taiwan has much more public interaction. That's an important trait for me.

Constant communication is the key to life, and is why I felt so good in India, Seoul, and many other places. Being alone is a waste of time.

Nicadamo:
Eyeballs that can be attached to anything.

Artificial objects do not feel emotions, but people can perceive emotions in actions. How would you feel if familiar objects in everyday life suddenly smiled at you?

Find ways to inject life into every moment for everyone?

Freelance full time. Don't spend time looking for people. Keep making shit.

But also take the time to design at the level of Hong Kong. Don't waste time on silly apps. Make things quickly. Design takes long, not the work.

9/24
I wake up earlier than I want to. My mind goes slow, perhaps 1/3rd the speed. I can do work, but not think simultaneously. If the class is too early for me, change to a later one. It's not worth being sleepy for. I don't want to lose my fascination for life. I need to think in the morning, think about what to do, create a new day, everyday. The only routine I should have is to create a new experience, like Humans of New York. Never a full-time service job, unless its relaxed like a cafe job.

Living by feeling. Travel.

A fascination for human struggle. The human condition. I live and work harder for it. I feed on it through films that depict struggle, or meeting people during my travels, living with the lower class, talking to other travelers, office workers, people on the street, to the point of despising anyone wealthier. The suburbs show no visible struggle, so I perform poorly as a result. Cities and less developed countries have struggle. Will I be productive in a more happy country such as Taiwan? Or the safety of it bore me as suburbs do. I thought the freedom of Taiwan would be advantageous. Perhaps if I keep many social contact I will fight for time with people. Still, I think I need to live outside, on the street.

I'm a hypocrite. I love new technology yet I love being with all classes of society. In less developed countries it did not make sense to make iPad games as people around me couldn't afford it. My interests change as the place and people around me change. My artistic medium changes too. Film makes more sense in less developed areas as there is a lot of human struggle visible. New media and games make sense in large cities as one is competing to create something innovative, grand.

One moment I'm fighting for every minute to create a new experience. Another moment time passes freely, without motive.

The long commutes on subways are damaging. Time flies.





thoughts from end (?) of Japan:
I just had to sit down. The city is destroying me. I need to talk to people.

Films that make you constantly question and think about what is going on are great.

In the past, whenever I watched a great film, I worked harder, my ambitions grew, it cleared my head of all of the silly small things, like a good scooter ride. It kept me in direction, and that direction is creating great films. But isn't that because I'm consuming it? Copying. Creating what I'm consuming. That's wrong, isn't it? Is it right to copy something you love?

I love Babycastles and the Brooklyn scene, I wouldn't mind copying them. I love Samaria, Melacholia, Enter the Void, I wouldn't mind copying them. They're great.

Is it possible to strive toward something great while living such a balanced life? Life needs tension. Fine art provides this without real life. Without the time and money of going to the slums of India.

"I want a few audiences, who have been hurt and worried about life, living, agony and grief, to see my movies."

At NTT ICC: Audio tapes slowly unwinds slowly above a beautiful pillar, when the unwinding ends, it winds and plays, revealing the audio track, and the fact that sound was playing the entire time. A very Braid feel.

If you ever feel that you are going through the past, not calling, not creating, then get the fuck out of the house. Take a bus to nowhere. Walk around the neighborhood. Learn to take breaks.


unknown date:
Another fail day in Tokyo. My heart pounds madly, along with my head. So lonely.

unknown dates:
I just had to sit down. The city is destroying me. I need to talk to people.





























thoughts from beginning of Taiwan, after Japan:
9/25
Taiwan instantly makes me happy. The person I met at the bus stop who is going to talk to a Mandarin teacher about exchange, the greenery from the bus window, the random array of buildings, the sun, dangbing and doujiang, kids coming out of a university, bikes, scooters, people, talking on the subway. This is easily the best country I have been in. Another good choice.

Stay outside in Taiwan, the hostel will make you sleepy during the day and you will experience less. Find a spot outside with wifi, or a library.

Get on Skype all of the time. Tell friends to use Skype so I can talk to them.

Research art posters near the common room.

Create own space, studio, via nearby park and library and late night library

Ignore everyone at the hostel. It's time for business. Do no create anymore weak contacts.

Perhaps the class is okay, I just have to take it at night.

No, it sucks. Watching foreigners fail at speaking is not fun. I'd rather listen to the radio or work at a more social job. A cafe. Something more natural.

Work a social job? Practice on the job, use workbooks.

A tutor could be really good to just ask questions about things I want to know.

Ask for night classes?

The day should be creative, or working on something of my interest, living life. Night time can have classes.

Hostel is okay, just control yourself, and avoid talking to the people there? Nah, keep loving people.

The class isn't interactive enough.

There's time between class for participation that slows down learning. There's just not enough to consume or learn or motivate. Not enough creativity.

You could take a tutor, but you need to study the basics in a progressive way anyway.

The pace of school is too slow for smart people. It's best to follow motivation.

Need Mandarin speaking friends to socialize with, or work that requires me to speak mandarin.

I'm looking too much, as opposed to living and creating. I need to stop and chill. Maybe.

Go full time mandarin. Job at night. Hostel and bar late night.

9/28 to 10/7
I wake up earlier, a little more tired, without thought or wanting to experience something new really badly. Is this okay? Have I given up? I move without motivation. I consume without evaluating time. I went out with a hostelmate yesterday and another today. I feel it's worthless. I'd rather be extremely motivated, doing things according to my feelings.

I don't think I can live a normal life. It's not exciting enough.

Begin playing mandarin tv show in the morning to satisfy the feeling to consume.

Talk to strangers all day. Never be alone!

I'm becoming far less social now. Perhaps the class is screwing my life up. I need to be more on the edge. Being in San Francisco was useless. I experienced fine art and spent most of the time working on something I didn't finish. I need more social life.

Watch TV shows upright. Then write down pinyin and text of each character I do not know.

I rely on the excitement of other personalities.

Cancel class first week?

The girls from elementary, middle, and high schools were better at balancing life, whereas boys were better at focusing.

I shouldn't go out just for photos. I should be able to take then while living in Taipei.

Research taipei science museums, game studios, film studios, design studios.

Being in a position to learn as opposed create makes me a dull person. I need to keep creating, thinking.

Humans is a way to log my interactions with people.

Perhaps it is best for me to live alone, consuming only grandeur media and life, to inspire me to create things on such a standard.

You have to be calm about finding jobs. Don't choose poorly. But what if you have no friends, no life? That's why I feel I need work.

Consume nothing for the purpose of "learning". Just live. Consume because you want to.

Live more. Work more. Sleep when your are tired.

Think before moving. Keep creating new experiences.

You have to live everyday to stay alive. The class is destroying you. Just get a job, and work on personal projects, and meet more people, online and off.

Professional jobs over English teaching. Tutoring over teaching.

It's not that I don't like learning, it's that I don't like learning at a slow a pace slower than mine. It feels like a waste of time.

3 hour study yourself. 3 hour game? Still travel and live! Humans. Videos. Etc. Teach for a few hours. Go at your own pace, which is usually very fast and unbalanced.

Avoid tea. It's effing you up. And make backpack lighter, and make decisions quicker, like Alex.

I'm thinking at a much slower rate, and consuming at a much slower rate. Perhaps it's the morning class? It's too early?

Class is about cramming vocabulary, writing, and listening in. Conversation should come up in daily life, or artificially through language exchange.

Live far from the city. In a residential, quiet area. Somewhere where it feels like Taiwan. Not a city.

If you have no one to talk to, talk to Pimsleur!
















10/5
Transforming into my former hard-working self. Need to relax, stay outside, be social, work at a cafe or school, freelance art and programming.

No! Don't be so anti-social. Talk to people on a daily basis. It's how you keep track of time.

Goal today. Determine the best places to live. Are the neighborhoods any different? Does it matter?

10/6
I still feel extremely restless very morning, but learning languages, talking to people, walking outside, eases it.

10/6
Yesterday and Today, I feel great, relaxed. A direction was chosen. The problem of last week was indecision.

I still feel extremely restless every morning, but learning languages, talking to people, walking outside, eases it.

I can't wait to find an apartment, get a scooter, make things. Still, I have to be careful of time. The other classmates have already found an apartment!


10/7
Take time to sleep, think creatively, then make a move. But make decisions quick! Keep living.

Nap anywhere anytime. But try to stay up during the day, to do work with people.

MingYong is so fast.

Before 10/8 some time?:
Focus on own work. Fuck everyone else. Work at a cafe or bar to be social and make money, nearby, or commute via scooter or bike. Work on U.S. programming contracts for money. Humans, videos, contact people, take on projects for money.

Live in traditional area, work in city, as I did in San Francisco and New York.

Consume more locally. You were into games in New York because that is what you consumed. In Taiwan, there are no games. Consume Taiwan -- life, travel, people. Do something with that.

Everything can be done locally. The neighborhood is very important. The more traditional, the better. No commute. Just walk outside. It's beautiful.

Today I felt on top of the world. No deadline. Nothing needed to be done. No stress. Worry free life. Is that what I need for art? Is that why India did not work? Was it too emotional for me? Consuming without creating?

I have no idea of what life is. Should I care for the less fortunate? Innovate? Live happily in a third world country? It seems all I can do is live. Spend less time in indecision and do as much as I can, while still taking the time to design and plan.

I don't enjoy ommuting in Taipei, or, I'm being indecisive again, as usual. I need to calm down, stay in my neighborhood, make stuff. Work more, walk less.

Create stickies of humans, Vincent moon, edward yang, babycastles, languages, and Calvino at home and at my workplace.

to learning language:
Just being in a room of people practicing the same level of language helps, as it is progressive and comprehensive.

The school is a perfect learning environment, but a poor creative one. One had to balance school, work, and life. Maybe.
--

Never take a blunt office job again.

10/8
Consuming the things around me as opposed to something specific. Have to learn when to consume around and specific. Time self.

I need to maintain one of he following to stay active: social life and excitement, caffiene, or exercise.

There was so much time in a day. What the fuck happened to it today? I need to consume more of the world around me. I was ignoring too much. If I ignore the world, I can always watch a film, but I failed to do that. I just went through the day, meaningless.

Difficult to live and create simultaneously.

I'm waking up without reason, creativity. I really miss that. I'm unable to balance life and work. It distracts me from my personal direction. My motivation.

to language learning:
Learning a language without a motivation is really difficult. I need reason to talk to people, not just for the sake of practicing.

Dont let anyone take you in the wrong direction. You don't have to spend time learning chinese with classmates if it doesn't motivate you. Learn it in your own way. It's more fun, more serious, much more interesting, in my view. See the beauty in the world.
—

Being with people, I lose interest in people, and I lose creativity

I should be social about things I love. That's why babycastles worked. They were people with similar interests. I need to hang with people with similar interests, or, completely foreign people that no one knows.

10/9
I question the study of a language. I am not a social person. I often see time of being social as a waste. It's life, it's fun, I remember it, but my brain is off. I'd rather be social with people I share work with.

The younger crowd in my class consume pop media, work at cafes and bars. I don't want to be a part of that. I needed some social time because I've been traveling so much, but they don't have to be long term friends. I need to create my own close friends. People with taste, intelligence, ambition. Life is great, but it's not enough for me.

Yet, they all have apartments, friends, boyfriends/girlfriends.

to language learning: The amount of words they learned by being social in 4 hours is equal to 5 minutes of study time.

Quit the class in four weeks. Start a new media company or film company. Stick to your goals. Fuck Chinese and classmates. You could have traveled the Phillipines in the meantime. Work big, travel big.

Stick to high art and professional work, yet live locally, for inspiration.*****

Consume locally, or great art. Be social with an intelligent crowd. But don't be snobbish to others.

Maybe I've lived too much life while traveling. Maybe I can go back to babycastles and be social with them, instead of just thinking about work.

I need a Babycastles in Taiwan. I need to get away from ADD influences.

Kim Ki Duk's films barely have any words. Language is unnecessary.

10/10
Consumption is perspective.

Prioritize time! Do as much as you can in one day, simultaneously thinking about art, life, and people. Live by the hour.

Really want scooter for sunny days. Really need to stop the class and study on my own time. Being social with classmates is a waste of time. Be social in class.

I'm alone again, wondering the city. It's hot, I overeat. It doesn't feel as if I am in another country. There's a large department store. I don't like it. Is rather be near Tonghua than here. Or, if I'm here, I'd spend time outside. Outside of Taipei. There's too much going on. I'd have to find a quiet park to sit at.

I need to do more work. All that time in San Francisco I did nothing. Nothing at all. I didn't have any friends. I just worked and watched films. I don't want to do that again. I need to keep going out, working with people.

I failed to talk to people for the purpose of humans. It was a waste of time. Wanderlust in the city. No social time. No work. No learning. Like the weekends in San Francisco. I need routine. A moment of a schizoid. This only happens when I am alone, otherwise I'm quick, watching time. In that moment in Wenhua, I was stuck. An extreme care for bums and lower class people. Hesitant of communicating with them. The humans project is a psychological battle.

I think it was simply the heat that drove me insane. I need to stay focused, even in the heat. Buy a cheap cap. Find my safari hat. Take water. Avoid eating.

I have no idea what life is anymore. You have to keep fighting for time, fighting for life, life, work, family, all of it.

I'm quite scared of working. I think I just need friends to work with. That's all. I'm thinking too negative right now.

You have to enjoy life at every moment. Don't worry so much. Keep living. I can feel the worry of money seeping in. I need to get a low cost apartment, work at social relaxed places. If I am alone, I will drive myself insane. Don't worry Rahil. Be happy. Tutor English. Work at a cafe or bar. Take classes. Work in between. Live more, work less. Think creatively all of the time.

I hate doing anything alone.

It's not that I need work, I just need to be with people! I need to make decisions more quickly. I need to be like my classmates, yet do grander work.

It's the indecision that kills me. Apartment hunting. Fucking indecision. Just keep on living!

I think with a cafe job I would be more calm, happy. Live more, worry less.

I don't want to be alone again. Keep talking to people!

Still haven't learned how to live and work simultaneously.

10/11
It is good to have priorities of social things, like learning language, humans, and Vincent Moon. I feel it provides a more relaxed, yet productive lifestyle. I overwork myself.

Find bulletin board.

10/12
My bane: Unable to make meaningful social interactions with lower class people while living a higher class one. Extreme care? So powerful that it stops me for hours.

A hostel or NGO would be fun. It's closer to life than new media, and involves interaction with people.

to language learning: Surround self with elementary mandarin for an hour per day. Study. Go to library for story time, or watch cartoons.*****

Sleep when needed! Never skimp on sleep.

Interaction is what keeps you going through the day, consuming more.

10/13
I did nothing in India. On sunny days I just wandered about. I need to stay creative, gritty, seeking fine art, not giving in to laze.

So much time wasted doing nothing on beautiful days. It's okay, but I should be leaning and creating on work days!

Work and create, be social, travel. Do it all simultaneously. You need some routine.

I'm not consuming fast enough when I am alone. I need to surround myself with working people, or else I'll get lazy. I need to be in a crazy part of a city, to keep me thinking, or else I'll dwell on unnecessary things. / I need to constantly surround myself with people or else I become lazy.

Perhaps I should live alone in a shitty room in Tonghua.

10/14?
Things learned by German traveler: buy a tent, buy a scooter, hike, meet people, relax. :)

I think living far from Taipei will make me less social, making me wander in replacement.

You've become so lazy. Sit in air conditioner. The heat is destroying you. Take a lighter backpack.

To avoid wandering, keep talking to people, sleep well, exercise well, play music or audio all of the time.

I started out so well I Taipei. Now I'm doing nothing. What happened? I need to stay social, yet find routine.

10/15
Learn by doing. There is no other way. There's not enough motivation otherwise.

Class is not as motivating as art or work or life!

Treat my work as work. Stick to my own direction. Its the only thing that makes me happy. It's just so rare that my direction is similar to others. Only in New York did that happen.

Why the recent laziness? Why am I not consuming as much? Need air conditioning? I didn't before! Pure motivation. Be more timely.

Don't do things because you have to, on a to do list. Do it because you want to.

*****The more time I spend inside, the less creative I become. I need to spend time outside to feel good, free, worry-free.

Avoid going home. Live outside. There's nothing at the house, except a bed. Only go if I invite people.

Keep meeting people. Keep talking. Keep staying in social spaces, or outside.

I can't stand being inside a room anymore. I must stay outside, day and night. Sleep outside, somewhere, in the public, with people.

I can't spend time alone. At least, not on a computer, or not after a long day of living.

You must stay social. Otherwise the day is wasted. Keep talking to people.

I must find a way to keep life exciting!

I've lost interest in the world. I don't want to even get out of bed. I need to be more social. I need more work. I need to keep doing things.

Another day wasted. Failed to be social. Failed to be excited about traveling. Poop.

10/20
I can't concentrate anymore. I'm not fighting for life anymore. Taiwan is making me lazy. I need to stick to myself, my New York ambitious self.

I've lived such a good life in Taiwan I forgot what struggle is. The people who struggle.

Perhaps I need to struggle to create something grand again.

10/21
I need to stay social or keep exploring (alone), or else I crumble.

Perhaps documenting contemporary society works best. I should freelance programming.

For work I need to go deeper. Begin talking to people in Wanhua. Keep eyes open for interesting people.

Taipei is a happy place to be, but it makes it uninteresting.

Do not conform. Stay an outsider. Criticize society.

Freelance programming and live on the road.

10/22
Need to give self deadlines. Without it I just live, without work and life. Deadlines should exist for both. Need to travel and be social to understand length of time.

10/23
Not creating enough! Need to put self into new social situations constantly.

The problem is that I haven't developed enough friends in Taiwan. I need more things to do. More social things. More exploration, more fun.

Is it better to be a wanderer or a businessman? How to balance the two? I should be able to do work, yet I should be able to organize events for art, enter new media festivals, and do grand art.

10/25
My senses are heightened when I am alone and thinking. When I am with people, my senses are blunted, I feel indifferent, time flies.

Forget any artwork that takes time to create. You have to stay social and make stuff. You have to maintain happiness. Simple ideas like irons with cameras have the same power as something that takes much longer to make.

I'd rather live a life of adventure rather than planning.

10/26
The time between social activity in cities is short. I love it.

I lost my sense of adventure, enthusiasm, excitement. I just go home and sleep now. It's fucking stupid. There's so much to do in the world, yet I do nothing.

The concert is meh. I've lost interest in the world.

My mind is blank. No interests.

After a night out with that girl I met at the concert:
She's somewhat smart, with taste. An agent for pop music, and she loves her job. She has a huge ego, as she self-proclaims. She judges the shit out of me, but whereas most Taiwanese people judge with good intention, her's are harsh.

We drink, she kisses me at one point, but my cold and boring self does not go in.

Anyway, she's crazy, hasn't had a boyfriend for four years for good reasons.

She did have one point: I don't know how to relax, which is something Kate said.

Meh, I like the people I met while traveling better. Everyone from my class is much better than that girl. Id rather have less intelligence than ego.

Anyway, she reminded me of reality. Work. I need to stop fucking around and get shit done. Speak mandarin. Be social. Do work. Set deadlines. Playtest games. Make films. Talk with people, without the travel sense of mind, yet appreciate the lower class. Don't be like her, be like Dhannanjay, Shila, and Banksy.

The morning sets the pace. That initial push to go out, and stay out, exploring, socializing. It's the houses and libraries that make me complacent and unsocial. You have to keep moving and talking. Don't stop. Only study during breaks in life.

The goal of humans is to find interesting people and share their stories, not to learn mandarin.

The goal of banksy is to criticize society, as a person who sees the world in a novel way.

Expensive hipster bars and cafes. Take the job, not because you are a failure, but because your goal is to learn mandarin and have fun.

You have to keep living, keep consuming. It's just better to consume life as opposed to media.

11/2
Stop use of computer tomorrow. Only for job search, and even then, it should be used very little. Be more extrovert! More life and adventure, less computer.

11/4
Games are important to Schizoids because they provide interaction.

11/11
一個天揮霍了。 我需要新方向。我想宿舍。我說了。我玩了。現在，我不能覺得。我獨自。

11/17
perhaps I need to live like a poor person. Perhaps I need to stop pushing people away. But I have to keep exploring in my own way.

perhaps， I need the environment to keep me stable. right now, it's not fun. an environment is key. Happy people, like-minded, progress.

11/20
I can't rely on others. I just need to sit down and make stuff from now on. At most, I can work in Tainan or travel, then start my own studio. Spend little to no time on business.

the lack of direction, the failure to choose one, wasted time. You have to keep doing things! Don't stop to think about direction.

Hostels provide social events.

Travel to a random place everyday.

The change in audio and visual is what I need.

Need to learn to communicate using technology.

I don't need to join others. Others should join me. Play joust with me. Watch films with me. Travel with me. It's my choice. Fuck everyone else.

11/25
So I failed at learning Chinese, failed at finding a job, and failed at creating anything. I need to reset myself. Travel. Finish the Chinese class. Excite myself to talk to people. Anyone.

