# Imperial Vision
The gist of the chapter is that since 200 AD most people have lived under an empire, adopted the culture, and, over time, adapted the culture (political, social, religion, food, etc.) of the empires that they have lived through. To get rid of the cultural remnants of past empires is ridiculous, as nearly no current person retains the original culture (behaves like a person before the first empire took over).

But what Yuval doesn't focus attention to are the remaining people, the original cultures, that do exist around the world: aboriginals, natives, etc.

A current feeling:
I feel quite antagonistic toward the cultures of empires too: the American empire, the Chinese empire in Taiwan, and all of their institutions (education, government, etc.). I don't care about the Chinese language, or even English language. I don't care about Chinese customs and values, nor Western laws and politics (liberalism).

But it doesn't make sense to choose learn or promote Taiwanese language and whatever their culture consists of, either, does it?

I feel like only being in solidarity with the various (ab)original groups, farming towns, and smart people (naturalists, anarchists). Any institution created by anyone outside of those groups should be ignored. Speak and deal directly with the people. Fight against any foreign intervention, by Taiwan's government, by Taiwan's capitalists, by anyone.

As for work for capital [wage labour], I'll choose to do things with the local people, or, on my own, with commodities, media, art, digital works, information, etc. Even necessary institutions, such as health, emergency rescuer, public transport, I seem to care for less now, simply because it is an institution with agreed upon customs (non-creative, East Asian work culture, Mandarin Chinese language standardized test, government bureaucracy [requires work visa which depends on international relations]). The institutions seem to not be progressing, stuck, or even useless (transport laws, ambulance right of way, law enforcement for safety, health standards). Thus, the best route is to ignore them all, and be anarchic, independent, non-governmental, non-institutional, people-oriented, civil-powered.