Blog. Alone, again. Without constant social connection. The safety switch is off. Hours pass without excitement. Only fine art satisfies. Life is dull. I'm not extracting experience from life anymore.

I go to the Tokyo game show, late, without care or motivation. There's an indie game zone with many indie developers, but I just don't care for the moment. I talk to a few, but its unimportant. It's far from life.

Many of the developers have spent years to make a single game. How is that possible? How can one choose to work on something for so long? Braid is one of the few games worth lifetime. It was only two people.

Are these game developers able to balance life and work? Are they happy?

I play some games that people spent years on in a few minutes and feel I am done with it, or have experienced it before.

Is this where fine art comes in? New to certain people?

I've experienced so much recently in such a short period of time. I wonder, why would I spend so much time for such little effect on other people?

Things I felt: single player games are useless, unless it manages to compel one to play as Braid does. Any genre game is useless.

Perhaps something more geared toward art is better for me. New media. Film. Few games compare in making the same impact as a good film. It lacks life, especially of its single player. Multiplayer games are special.

Or, is it just my current mood?

There seems to be a choice. I could live a happy life in a country with generally happy people, likely putting less time into work. Or, I could struggle to make something great, in a city, spending more time on work and alone. For now, I choose Taiwan over New York. I think I will be happier there.

The indie gamers spend time polishing a game to work for a large audience, making it somewhat commercially feasible. I'd rather just keep experimenting. Making new things constantly, as opposed to a long single project. I'd like to keep games as an artistic expression, and do something more social for work. Perhaps some simple service job which interacts with people.

Or, I just need to talk to someone. Or, I need direction.

What started this lonely bout? Watching a film? Tokyo? Lack of interest in exploring Tokyo? The amount of time commutes take? The time between social contact?

I'd rather live Jon and Ching's life than Jonathan Blow. It's more fun.

There's no end to life. No settling. An infinite roller coaster.

The music performances were worth their time: hours of it. An indie lasts minutes and often isn't worth it. Performances only affect a few people though. Mediums allow broad access. Is it worth the time to craft on a popular medium? I don't think so. Just record a performance well.

8bit music tiny URL

The crowd for the music performance was narrow. International, but about 30 people attended it. It's odd to join such narrow event, clubs, after traveling.


The city provides like-minded people that create things that satisfy similar people. It's the reason why I would live in cities. To have friends and an audience. But now, it just seems like a bunch of geeks gathering. It's too narrow. If I do make an art organization, it should allow anyone to enter, and not be so narrow. Just fun. I'm glad to choose Taiwan over Tokyo. It retains the social sense of Asia. Tokyo could transform me into my narrow New York indie game film self. In Taiwan I feel I would be forced to create alone, more, without influence of similar people. Just friends and live and make stuff on the side, for fun.

Taiwan has much more public interaction. That's an important trait for me.




Todo:
Add earbuds to backpack
Blog, a lot
Shower
Buy milk tea
Getting lazy, unmotivated, just living

Constant communication is he key to life, and is why I felt so good in India, Seoul, and many other places. Being alone is a waste of time.

Nicadamo:
Eyeballs that can be attached to anything.

Artificial objects do not feel emotions, but people can perceive emotions in actions. How would you feel if familiar objects in everyday life suddenly smiled at you?



Find ways to inject life into every moment for everyone?

See apple people

Freelance full time. Don't spend time looking for people. Keep making shit.

But also take the time to design at the level of Hong Kong. Don't waste time on silly apps. Make things quickly. Design takes long, not the work.

9/24
I wake up earlier than I want to. My mind goes slow, perhaps 1/3rd the seed. I can do work, but not think simultaneously. If the class is too early for me, change to a later one. It's not worth being sleepy for. I don't want to lose my fascination for life. I need to think in the morning, think about what to do, create a new day, everyday. The only routine I should have is to create a new experience, like Humans of New York. Never a full-time service job, unless its relaxed like a cafe job.

Living by feeling. Travel.

Daikokuya
Roppongi Shop
1F Takahira Bldg,4-9-9 Roppongi
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Hours

A fascination for human struggle. The human condition. I live and work harder for it. I feed on it through films that depict struggle, or meeting people during my travels, living with the lower class, talking to other travelers, office workers, people on the street, to the point of despising anyone wealthier. The suburbs show no visible struggle, so I perform poorly as a result. Cities and less developed countries have struggle. Will I be productive in a more happy country such as Taiwan? Or the safety of it bore me as suburbs do. I thought the freedom of Taiwan would be advantageous. Perhaps if I keep many social contact I will fight for time with people. Still, I think I need to live outside, on the street.

I'm a hypocrite. I love new technology yet I love being with all class's of society. In less developed countries it did not make sense to make iPad games as people around me couldn't afford it. My interests change as the place and people around me change. My artistic medium changes too. Film makes more sense in less developed areas as there is a lot of human struggle visible. New media and games make sense in large cities as one is competing to create something innovative, grand.

One moment in fighting for every minute to create a new experience. Another moment time passes freely, without motive.

The long commutes on subways are damaging. Time flies.

9/25
Taiwan instantly makes me happy. The person I met at the bus stop who is going to talk to a Mandarin teacher about exchange, the greenery from the bus window, the random array of buildings, the sun, dangbing and doujiang, kids coming out of a university, bikes, scooters, people, talking on the subway. This is easily the best country I have been in. Another good choice.

Stay outside in Taiwan, the hostel will make you sleepy during the day and you will experience less. Find a spot outside with wifi, or a library.

Find watch!

The lack of 3G


Another fail day in Tokyo. My heart pounds madly, along with my head. So lonely. Was this another experience of tran

Leave note about a watch? Check bag for it.


Matthew rehkemper

Thank Ayumi

Get on Skype all of the time. Tell friends to use Skype so I can talk to them.

0975273822
Johnnason

Game jam with a theme of a Chinese character or two.

Research art posters near the common room

See the game place

Talk to everyone. :)

Create own space, studio, via nearby park and library and late night library

Sce.pccu

Startup stay
Startup something?

Ignore everyone at the hostel. It's time for business. Do no create anymore weak contacts.

1. Find English tutor job.
  - need work permit 
  - freelance?
  - ask CCU
2. Find an apartment.

Blog, the best place to live for my personality. A place where people are in the public because I often work on projects alone (link computer programming) and like to experience life while working.

Find 

Perhaps the class is okay, I just have to take it at night.

No, it sucks. Watching foreigners fail at speaking is not fun. I'd rather listen to the radio or work at a more social job. A cafe. Something more natural.

A tutor is fine.

Work a social job? Practice on the job, use workbooks.

A tutor could be really good to just ask questions about things I want to know.

Ask for night classes?

The day should be creative, or working on something of my interest, living life. Night time can have classes.

Hostel is okay, just control yourself, and avoid talking to the people there? Nah, keep loving people.

The class isn't interactive enough.


Tomorrow:
1. Ask hostel people for money and tell them that I will get it to them after class.

2. Listen to mandarin in class.
3. Go to ATM
3. Pay back and see Vinay
4. Pay for hostel.
4.05 create business cards
4.1 Humans of Taipei
4.5 Work on Crystal Brawl
4.6 Work on Doodle Tangle
5. Find an apartment
5.5 Find jobs from NYU
6. Find a social job
7. Find out how to tutor English

Stop speaking mandarin on Saturday.

There's time between class for participation that slows down learning. There's just not enough to consume or learn or motivate. Not enough creativity.

0978325781 - apartment
2000
10 min mrt dingshi


You could take a tutor, but you need to study the basics in a progressive way anyway.

Sc-top.org.tw

Tocfl

Startup digest

Glob startup battle 

Cancel class. Take a social or professional job part time. Film, programming, professional?

Need more Taiwanese friends.

Test translator app.

Stop speaking English.

Print useful phrase from omniglot.

The pace of school is too slow for smart people. It's best to follow motivation.

Need Mandarin speaking friends to socialize with, or work that requires me to speak mandarin.

Sleep anywhere, especially outside!



Taipei artist village.

I need to live more. Learning in a classroom is forcing me to artificially learn, and it sucks.

I need to live more. Relax. Just liv in a quiet place in Taipei. Commute less, talk more. Or use some chat application with Taiwanese people.

Too much time spent outside and on subways. I need to spend less time wondering, more working and  socializing. Move less, do more.

Could live in Brooklyn's Chinatown.

I'm looking too much, as opposed to living and creating. I need to stop and chill. Maybe.

Yameme. Animation show.

Go full time mandarin. Job at night. Hostel and bar late night.

Spongebob in mandarin.


Taiwanese kids show with English and Chinese subtitles.

9/28?
I wake up earlier, a little more tired, without thought or wanting to experience something new really badly. Is this okay? Have I given up? I move without motivation. I consume without evaluating time. I went out with a hostelmate yesterday and another today. I feel it's worthless. I'd rather be extremely motivated, doing things according to my feelings.

I don't think I can live a normal life. It's not exciting enough.

Begin playing mandarin tv show in the morning to satisfy the feeling to consume.

Talk to strangers all day. Never be alone!

I'm becoming far less social now. Perhaps the class is screwing my life up. I need to be more on the edge. Being in San Francisco was useless. I experienced fine art and spent most of the time working on something I didn't finish. I need more social life.

Find a job at a preschool.

Stories at 2:30-4:00

Attend preschool mandarin class

Shower at night, use lotion thing, shower morning.

Go to new library, take human photo on the way?

Go out every weekend. Take friends.


How to humans:
Go out with a light backpack
Choose destination
Walk around
See people
Think of what to ask
Ask
Record response
Ask to take a photo


Duode

Get all of edward yang's films

Two Fathers English and Chinese, or find a better tv show. Find out how to use English captions on iPhone.

Watch TV shows upright. Then write down pinyin and text of each character I do not know.

Finish the book at night. Study 1-24.

I rely on the excitement of other personalities.

Cancel class first week?

The girls from elementary, middle, and high schools were better at balancing life, whereas boys were better at focusing.

Documentary film festival taipei.

Notes on humans:
The photos rely on my mood. I need to be fun and cheerful to bring about fun photos. Or curious to bring out stories.

I also need to go during sunlight. Night requires more planning.

I shouldn't go out just for photos. I should be able to take then while living in Taipei.

I should write down a few questions so that i learn some mandarin.

Research taipei science museums, game studios, film studios, design studios.

Add adventure time wiki to mandarin learning. Add books, tutor, conversation, living in Taipei.

Being in a position to learn as opposed create makes me a dull person. I need to keep creating, thinking.

Looking for roommate Taipei Facebook.

The class does not incite interaction.

Xianzai

Flash cards top chinese, including radicals.

Humans is a way to log my interactions with people.


Pai4

Weile

Perhaps it is best for me to live alone, consuming only grandeur media and life, to inspire me to create things on such a standard.

1. Taiwan mobile
2. Humans
3. Apartment, alone, away
4. Social job
5. Control your time, yet be quiz and take time for social life.

You have to be calm about finding jobs. Don't choose poorly. But what if you have no friends, no life? That's why I feel I need work.

Consume nothing for the purpose of "learning". Just live. Consume because you want to.



Backup iPhone and contacts.


Flash cards once a day.

My language learning needs routine. Pause and play tv shows. Rewatch it until you understand it all. Watch same episode once a day. Use flash cards app. Should use children's show, but adventure time is just much cooler. Create a set of advanced flash cards.

Live more. Work more. Sleep when your are tired.

Find apartments. Find social job. Begin personal work. Begin new work. Meet people.

Think before moving. Keep creating new experiences.

Forgot headphones at the university.

Find events in taipei to go to at night.

You have to live everyday to stay alive. The class is destroying you. Just get a job, and work on personal projects, and meet more people, online and off.

Ask becoming for bar and cafe.

Pay capital one.

Determine last day to refund class.

Do personal work in class.

Professional jobs over English teaching. Tutoring over teaching.

It's not that I don't like learning, it's that I don't like learning at a slow a pace slower than mine. It feels like a waste of time.

3 hour study yourself. 3 hour game? Still travel and live! Humans. Videos. Etc. Teach for a few hours. Go at your own pace, which is usually very fast and unbalanced.

Avoid tea. It's effing you up. And make backpack lighter, and make decisions quicker, like Alex.

Contact artist villages for stay. Contact for co-work games and film. Begin studio.

I'm thinking at a much slower rate, and consuming at a much slower rate. Perhaps it's the morning class? It's too early?

Class is about cramming vocabulary, writing, and listening in. Conversation should come up in daily life, or artificially through language exchange.

Live far from the city. In a residential, quiet area. Somewhere where it feels like Taiwan. Not a city.

If you have no one to talk to, talk to Pimsleur!

