7/24
$900 + $600
$300上個月, 飛機票, 現在的生活費. But still have $100!


7/23
After much computering for two days, I already feel I've wasted much life. It's detached from the life of the people outside.

I should be creating jobs locally, creating wealth, all those local ideas I had within my neighborhood within the city, and the ideas of creating physical businesses (self-hostels, dive tours), and the ideas of science gathering have been crushed by my need to repay debt.

Using a computer to look for jobs is not right. Or it doesn't feel so. I should be walking around, thinking, what could be done here to improve these peoples's livelihood? What tools could be created or used?

The problem i offen run into is that I don't know who to talk to about these thoughts, to converse with, to lead to take action for projects. I really need a community for this. A community that is able to procure grants to survive and create work, separate from other organizations and their social tome schedule. How else could it be accomplished?

Instead, it seems, to survive in Taipei, for now, My immediate options are to work at a cafe, bar, or school. Apply for scholarships and graduate schools this winter, including NTU, NTUarts, MIT media lab and civic media, NYU, Parson's, Pratt?, and whatever else in New York.

Oh! I could apply for paid art residencies in Asia! That's a really good idea.

7/22
Should try Garden City near xindian. Should see, but I feel may be too far for people to come.

Municipality of Taipei
1999
Local meeting hall? Where to talk of concerns?

7/21
Wow, okay, so being in an air conditioned room alone is like sensory deprivation. Really need direction, motivation, inspiration, and most of all, music. I could never have done so much programming without music.

All travelers are good, meaning to do good, even if they are rationally far from it. It's always worth living in a hostel, I think. To always have people to talk to, to go out with, even if it's the same events, it's different people.

The people at The Meeting Place were far more interesting and communal than JV's, but JV's wasn't bad either. I think Michael and other long-termers made it feel communal. As opposed to JV's, where there is only Rice, and the feeling of community relies on the people there at that moment.
--

After seeing Peter's video of him dipping in ice water in Iceland, I feel afraid of sticking myself to one place. It is always better to live in places temporarily, so that one does not feel being limited to that area. Based on this, I should live in The Meeting Place. Can leave at any time.

I would never want to live alone.

Perhaps travel, The Meeting Place, and programming is best. Can just go to 7-11s for work, charge at Meeting Place, then fablab / Hackerspace. That would lead to a broader mind, more travel.

7/20
Scholarships
  - Other graduate schools
每天聽廣播吧。好舒服。
去外面。那裡？fablab?
X/給borderless房子打電話。
  - 10:30pm
看591。
X/定充電器。
找我家附近的學校，給他們打電話，找進步的學校。
  - use google maps?
  - Check for good schools?
  - Teach game design? Art?
用104找工作。science。Google  Taiwan science.*
Google? NGO. Government. Tutor programming. Tutor English. Learn Piano. Morning part time cafe or something social / can study Chinese. Try library.*
  - ask max for possibility
給爸爸打電話。$225/mo, $3/day, $1/day (get tea from home).
$500/month life!
  - Yilan is the same. $100 is the minimum.
用週末去玩吧！！！跟室友，打算小的旅行。隨便吧！

再fablab教Parson's?

Mosquito net and diaper bag and water bag

What's great about hostels is that the people never lose awareness of the immediate surroundings. What's bad is that they only focus on them, not any deeper rational insight.

Lots of thoughts while oversleeping in an isolated air conditioned room after many days of homelessness, but I forgot many.

One was about the organization of humans again, perhaps in cities.

Before today I had the thought of being appreciative of the work that goes in community organizing and organization in general of everything. I can barely find a space in the city, yet there are many spaces and schools in this city. It took a lot of effort.

Hmm what was that thought though...? There were several good ones. :(

I messaged Xintian, spilled my thoughts: said I didn't get the apartment / space, so I will have to take a break with a visa-run, live in a long-term hostel, find a job, then regular the fablab.

I think border less house will be perfect for work, as I will live cheaply in Tonghua, have kind of co-working / co-living space, and can spend off time with roommates. All in the same place, no need to commute!

I should write all my ideas on my blog with a thick brush in black, as I did before. It's worth going over my old thoughts and painting it in an easy to understand format; the scooters in markets problem, the slippery floor problem. Problems and solutions. Also beautifying projects, like the musical notes idea, colorful lights of Tonghua playing music and synchronizing the notes, projecting spirited away characters in Jiufen, written histories of local businesses. Performance in Tonghua market.

When people take breaks and walk around outside, it's likely possible their minds will organize an idea in the space outside. When I went to Xintian's house, walked around, he had quite a lot of ideas along the bike path next to the river. He also said he loves the pubic space next to the Hackerspace. We're quite similar. But perhaps it's common to have an affection for these spaces and beautifying it, creating an art piece, altering it, is normal.

Ah ha! That was one of the the thoughts. Weird how memory works. In the suburbs the house is the most densely organized space, itself with several rooms, shared rooms (living room, kitchen), and so on. Cities...No, that is a new thought.

Old thought found: In the city, public spaces are shared, and creates a shared memory for everyone who's experienced it. It becomes very difficult to change these things, as it affects the emotions of many.

People organize physical spaces, yet over time the same space must be reorganized, ruining old efforts, and destroying a relationship between space and people. This is felt whenever a public site is destroyed: a park, a library, a restaurant, an event space. It feels like a part of a home is destroyed. People won't forget, maybe protest, or just reorganize to create another. Time goes on, new experiences are created, and spaces change.

Ratatat brings back thoughts of smash and music I listened to at the time, and playing and hanging with friends. So much nostalgia when I am alone in an air conditioned room. So many memories triggered from a song.

Air conditioning feels so good.

People are in good physical condition when they must work hard. Those young professionals that go to gyms and parks have no knowledge of the world, but can work hard, without knowing why. A cause of capitalism?

Today I felt I was so focused on capitalism that I did anything to make money. Ignoring all the lovely, ideal, dream-like ideas of my recent past.

I love this city, this world, and the people in it, but only am reminded when I am alone, playing Ratatat, and drinking tea.

Descarte's had a good routine: wake up, drink coffee, write, eat, exercise, go to an event, socialize?, and repeat. The coffee and writing is very important in the morning, but doesn't alter physical reality. I sure do love the feel of speaking my mind though.

7/19
U391980197
Lazy afternoons
Memory of lightwaves
Aerith's theme
Frosty Wheel
Dearly Beloved
Theme of Love
Zelda - main menu theme / fountain of dreams?
Animal crossing, 1am, 9pm, etc.
Secret of the Fores
A flower blooming in the slums
Because I love you - Kenji Kondo
Cosmo Canyon
Sunset Path
Bloody Tears

Can babysit, tutor, teach, do whatever in Taipei to make money, yet be with good people. Forget Meeting Place, work locally.

Can't beat Mosquitos. Must sleep in ac, use buses to get around and let mind rest, or use scooter.

Tell Dad stay at hostel (meeting place, have ac room? Ask JVs price per month (private and public), need to ask when ac is on), find room later. 運動，每天用書兩個小時的學中文/然後用中文說話，每天用電腦三十分鐘的找工作 (遊戲，教書），每天用電腦三十分鐘的找房子。
  - meeting place has better people, community, conversation, staying inside a circle of foreigners
  - JVs has a better neighborhood, inclining me toward more local ideas, thoughts, philosophy, independent work, local-level community, travel
  - Must work with Taipei / Taiwan people!
  - Create work? Sell Indian food? Tea? Teach classes? Optimize things? Websites? Help local businesses do whatever they need? Medicine? Civic! Civic jobs, government, etc.
  - Or live independently and create everything, profiting from all creations

吃便宜的飯，每天買兩個餐。買一個

Then look for hostel in Japan, or any country, to help exchange. More personal the work exchange the better. House sitting would work too. Hokkaido looks perfect!

0963312301

http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3460788.html
送了她一封信

Like Nikki said, the key of happiness was to be easy and humble. But do that and societies will fail, though happily.

Yet, I used to be happy and live easy. I went to school, then I talked to people after school: friends, strangers, people on the street, people at hostels, people in the art world. Anyone.

It similarly feels good to work and not worry about money. Just do whatever society says. But it's often a waste of time, wasting time on work that capitalist societies define as work. My direction is deeper, philosophy, conversation, urban planning, public administration, community management, etc. I also would like to spend time away from capitalist society and just wonder by working on building habitable structures around Taiwan to ease travel and increase hospitality. I wanted to go fishing with Amis people, cook it, and sell it. I want to live off of the land, not capitalist society. It's certainly possible too: to cook Indian food and sell it in the night market. To make tea and have good conversation. The only problem is paying rent to be around people that are interesting to talk to, and constantly being in an air conditioned place. It requires routine, a space that is routinely available. Perhaps the subway stations, especially Daan and Main are good public air conditioned spaces.

I don't want to be a part of society. So much of it is useless. Or, I don't want to be a part of existing society. I want to create work, not do an existing one. I want to create everything from nothing. In case of public services, can ask for a grant. In the case of physical items, they can be sold on the street. In case of service, it can be negotiated, and advertised physically and digitally. Wealth can be generated in a capitalist society, I just have to stick to my own ideas. Just as I did Human of Taipei, I need to do my own work, I need to stick by my side: that is the key of happiness. But in a capitalist society, this means it must generate capital to survive, making happiness impossible for some kinds of work. No, it must be argued [with society] for to attract wealth. It's possible. Keep trying. But arguing with society may waste too much time, and is often better to just do the work on my own.

Happiness came from the constant ideation and implementation, which was fastest through conversation, either with strangers or books. Technology such as phone cameras and Facebook made the process very easy for Humans. I just have to keep creating, non-stop, and doing things, no matter what it is. The problem enters when it must generate wealth, because the things I often want to do so not generate wealth. It could be just to talk, experience something. Always an experience. So the options of doings things becomes extremely narrow. Must time be divided into marginal doing things that make wealth and things that don't make wealth?
--
Speaking to Cathal, he confirmed about having space to invite friends, and he even knew a person with a rooftop apartment. All I really need is space in an air conditioned room in which I can talk at any time of the day, play music on speakers. I must maintain my own direction within the social group, and get others to jump on board with my ideas. I can do anything, I just have to ignore the decisions of others, maintaining my own economy and schedule, as I did in the past.

--
I dreamed of creating a trip for Ivar and Jason. First day we bought ingredients from the day market and had a cooking / vending competition. I made them watch Wolf Children as a warm up. Next we took the train to the east coast and gathered materials to craft things to sell back in Taipei. On the way back we had no money so we had to hitchhike. This led to a rich person picking us up. He needed graphic design work, so Jason did the job. We got back to Taipei. We then had a performance competition at some venue near NTU. The activities took longer than expected, and the trip was over. A good time. [oh right, I also used video game music along the trip to give a kind of surrea, adventurous feel].



7/18
Long daydream of performing at the Wall all the 60s songs and Japanese and personal feelings of Taiwan felt. Beach Boys, Ghibli, God Only Knows, etc.

I also had a daydream of teaching at a Montessori school in Japan. It's great, the problem is that it is another organization, just as any other school is, and contradicts my desire to create my own organization.
--

America's old infrastructure crumbling, along with government, whilst cheating the world for their money.

Should spend some time reading news to learn of the world. There are a few long articles that can provide wisdom.

There is no cost in fun and the pursuit of wisdom, but there is a cost in air conditioner, location, and a tool to create food.

Can I enjoy life alone?

Thinking about how cities work, especially how and why people commute long distance to work. The work is in the center, accessible to all. People organize and create structure. Then they go back home, to their family or friends. Their relations are at home and at work. For more active people, they join other organizations, maybe volunteer, after work.

A hostel is a better home because it is a community that changes. A hostel with long-term residents is even better, because it creates longer relationships, and the long termers can add direction to the short term, organizing events for the whole (dinners, local outings). All work done becomes social because it is with people.

The only problem with the Meeting Place is that there is no air conditioner.

The Q and sharedhouse seem like good semi-long term options.

7/17
Should follow Parson's curriculum. Do Columbia on the side.

我泡了溫泉以後感覺真的舒服。在夏天我還得記得運動，油棕最好，後者

Timenesia
Project Status: 
Open for further development
Many communities suffer from "timenesia": a lack of awareness-of and interest-in their own past, present and future. They don't showcase their rich past, aren't aware of their neighbors different takes on their present, nor their hopes for their shared future.
  - 應該幫通化老人創造一頁紙張，裡面應該寫歷史，人的歷史，也他們怎麼做飯
  - 可以告訴旅行司我想做什麼
  - 地方的歷史也可以發現，廟，鄰區，什麼的
  - 可以建議旅行司在市場，夜市，停車
  - 創造通化生意表
  - 在公報，掛一頁報，我可以叫什麼，交換什麼
  - 在我的家也掛
  - access to urban planning?

Free City emerged as a way to build a technological infrastructure to make it easier for local organizations to implement their own Catraca Livre-like initiatives with different audiences and locations. In order to do so, we are collaborating with organizations from different parts of the world and are using What’s Up, an open source software toolkit developed by the MIT Center for Civic Media to disseminate locally-relevant web content via low-cost digital signs, customized flyers and posters, and even via the generation of a simple, yet powerful community hotline that is usable with the lowest-end mobile and touch tone phones.
  - low cost digital signs
  - Yes! From digital to real!
  - Philosophy of free social knowledge!
  - Should create a list for Taipei, an aggregate, non-business oriented, only knowledge, maybe art, but reality / societal art not media

Civics maps toolkit
  - should try using this for extracting my own knowledge (see email for example maps)
  - should ask Governement for their maps, share and combine the info
  - emailed use of it
    - failed, sent message about it being broken

Source map
  - ask to use and test in Tonghua

Pleco
  - sent email
  - Can only suggest features, by email or forums

Public Digital Art, like the musical notes idea

Tutor English
NY gaming group
Konami changed to mobile focus

In response to witnessing the digital colonization of the people of Central and Southern Africa in 2009, Marlon Ingram conceived, in partnership with Shem Shobin and other creative partners, the “Indigenous Tips for a Modern Now” as a conceptual marketplace that proposes alternative ways of assimilating today’s cellular lifestyle, and avoiding environmental and physical impacts of technology.
  - hmm

7/16
At the railway station's main hall "Tifa's theme" plays, and it feels great. Huge space, air conditioner, sunlight. It's all I need. And I think of the rest of Taiwan, Taidong, Tainan, everything in between, and all the possibilities.

Forget a tiny space in the city. The world is yours.

You should be going out, exploring, talking, meeting people, working.

A happiness was lost when decided to find a house and create a space. It wasn't right. It wasn't social. I failed to get others on board with the idea. I tried to do it alone, but perhaps I can't.

The city is too far from reality. City spaces are too.

Can see after 6:30:  http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3481933.html.



7/15
The amount of space doesn't matter. People come to a space because there is something of interest being aware at that point in time, and people are social, so given the chance to be social of something of interest, they will try. They will cram into a tiny hot room, just as they did for a smash tournament, an intimate exhibition at ATA and Babycastles. What matters is there is something to be aware about. A new knowledge, people to talk to while obtaining this new knowledge to create an experience.



7/14
I talked to three people at the cafe about the space idea. It feels good to talk about it. I've recently felt I was doing things alone with this idea, but these three say it should exist.

One is going to Pratt to study Urban Planning. One is going to Carnegie Mellon to study Entertainment Technology. The other I'm unsure, but went to NTU for landscape design.

They say the cat cafe is special, and don't go to any other cafe. Perhaps one often goes to MakerBar. The girl knows Pan; the hostel she mentioned near NTU is Pan's. The community is tiny.

I found it surprising that even they find Taiwan's weather intolerable. They can't do anything, just go to air conditioner, go out, get food, come back. Perhaps these people aren't outdoorsy.

I also talked to the cafe owner, aho(ng). He's quite playful, feels everything in Taipei related to art is boring: the wall, cultural parks, etc. It's true. [I only found philosophizing, finding cause and effect, history interesting]. I think he said maybe Tainan is good, but maybe Taipei is the only place to attract people.

7/12
Feel lazy. Nothing in the mind, no consumption, no creation, emptiness. Sleep all day and night. Just need to consume more.

You have to keep talking.
--

Went to Fablab. It felt good, social, though not speaking Chinese. But I still couldn't control the direction. We have different interests. Xintian has the interactive game interests, but the others don't. Xintian seems to have other interests too; I should have tried sharing my ideas with him, as he did to me.

--

7/11
Should find and create public spaces for public meet ups, choosing spaces depending on the goal of the meetup: learn Chinese in Jiufen, make games on a train, philosophy in a comfy room, urban planning on elephant mountain, civil disobedience in an abandoned bukding, the rest at my house. Can start at my house, then move to other spaces. The city school.

This way, people are always in contact with reality, avoiding isolation, as most schools do, providing an experience everyday.

Also, that I am always being social, having conversation of personal interests.

--
The people in a space contribute to the social decisions of a group. Social groups: neighborhood friends, family, classes, organizations, companies, hostels, towns, cities; outcome depends on the people in it.

Win found like-minded people on the internet because the Internet contains the a great portion of the world. Win physically gathered people in a city, just as he did in the Internet, with a space. A space is the equivalent of an Internet message board. It's a place where communication is made for a group of people.

Many personalities need a social group to progress in a certain direction. Without it, they continue in a viscous cycle, creating ideas, but not actualizing them.

Space and people create experience. The awareness of the space and the awareness of people's actions (communication) is the experience.

The change of space and people creates new experiences.

Experiences are what give people knowledge and social relations (feelings, memories).

Therefore a good method of learning is a constant change in space and people.

The intensity of an experience does not have any factors, it is quite random.

To create something (not consume, or copy) requires time to think (or talk). To think, time is needed in a space, perhaps without much action. A relaxed social space; downtime.

People create naturally. Forcing people in a space and guiding them to create is artifical. These guidances work (school, art, jams, events), and are often needed for many personalities to work, mimicing a deadline, a restriction in social time, but it is not required; work has no time limit.

All that is needed are people and time in the same space. This is how any lengthy work is accomplished. Though, work is not judged by its scale. This is also how several works by a person, or a social group is accomplished. This is a virtuous cycle.

To gather people in to the same space is the first step of creating an experience. To do this several times is the formation of a community.
--

From community wiki:
Sociologist Ray Oldenburg states in The Great Good Place that people need three places: 1) the home, 2) the office, and, 3) the community hangout or gathering place.

1 is private, 2 is work, 3 is play.

With this philosophy in mind, many grassroots efforts such as The Project for Public Spaces are being started to create this "Third Place" in communities. They are taking form in independent bookstores, coffeehouses, local pubs, and through new and innovative means to create the social capital needed to foster the sense and spirit of community.

All of the above spaces are not free.

A really good example:
Someone puts an announcement on the dormitory bulletin board about the formation of an intramural dormitory basketball team. People attend the organizational meeting as strangers out of their individual needs (integration and fulfillment of needs). The team is bound by place of residence (membership boundaries are set) and spends time together in practice (the contact hypothesis). They play a game and win (successful shared valent event). While playing, members exert energy on behalf of the team (personal investment in the group). As the team continues to win, team members become recognized and congratulated (gaining honor and status for being members), Influencing new members to join and continue to do the same. Someone suggests that they all buy matching shirts and shoes (common symbols) and they do so (influence).

"The group of people having same identity is called community."

Most reconstructions of social communities by archaeologists rely on the principle that social interaction is conditioned by physical distance.

Archaeologists typically use similarities in material culture—from house types to styles of pottery—to reconstruct communities in the past. This is based on the assumption that people or households will share more similarities in the types and styles of their material goods with other members of a social community than they will with outsiders.

The ways that ideas and values are communicated within communities are important to the induction of new members, the formulation of agendas, the selection of leaders and many other aspects.

Communication:
One simple form of cooperation, almost universal with social tools, is conversation; when people are in one another's company, even virtually, they like to talk. Conversation creates more of a sense of community than sharing does.

Ecology:
Community ecology is the branch of ecology that studies interactions between and among species. It considers how such interactions, along with interactions between species and the abiotic environment, affect community structure and species richness, diversity and patterns of abundance. 

Species interact in three ways: competition, predation and mutualism. Competition typically results in a double negative—that is both species lose in the interaction.*** Predation is a win/lose situation with one species winning. Mutualism, on the other hand, involves both species cooperating in some way, with both winning.

Public Administration:
The most well known "community department" is housing and community development which has responsibility for both economic development initiatives, and as public housing and community infrastructure (e.g., business development).
  - dream job!

Socialization:
The process of learning to adopt the behavior patterns of the community is called socialization. The most fertile time of socialization is usually the early stages of life, during which individuals develop the skills and knowledge and learn the roles necessary to function within their culture and social environment.

Socialization is influenced primarily by the family, through which children first learn community norms. Other important influences include schools, peer groups, people, mass media, the workplace, and government. The degree to which the norms of a particular society or community are adopted determines one's willingness to engage with others. The norms of tolerance, reciprocity, and trust are important "habits of the heart," as de Tocqueville put it, in an individual's involvement in community.

Community Development***
Community development practitioners must understand both how to work with individuals and how to affect communities' positions within the context of larger social institutions. Public administrators, in contrast, need to understand community development in the context of rural and urban development, housing and economic development, and community, organizational and business development.


He states that this process goes through four stages:
Pseudocommunity: The beginning stage when people first come together. This is the stage where people try to be nice, and present what they feel are their most personable and friendly characteristics.
  - SF, small towns

Chaos: When people move beyond the inauthenticity of pseudo-community and feel safe enough to present their "shadow" selves. This stage places great demands upon the facilitator for greater leadership and organization, but Peck believes that "organizations are not communities", and this pressure should be resisted.
  - New York

Emptiness: This stage moves beyond the attempts to fix, heal and convert of the chaos stage, when all people become capable of acknowledging their own woundedness and brokenness, common to us all as human beings. Out of this emptiness comes...
  - ?

True community: the process of deep respect and true listening for the needs of the other people in this community. This stage Peck believes can only be described as "glory" and reflects a deep yearning in every human soul for compassionate understanding from one's fellows.
  - real friends

More recently Peck remarked that building a sense of community is easy but maintaining this sense of community is difficult in the modern world.[28] Community building can use a wide variety of practices, ranging from simple events such as potlucks and small book clubs to larger-scale efforts such as mass festivals and construction projects that involve local participants rather than outside contractors.
  - matches my recent thought

Community building that is geared toward citizen action is usually termed "community organizing."

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto_Public_Space_Committee
The Toronto Public Space Committee (TPSC) is a volunteer-run, non-profit organization located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that defends the city’s public space from corporate and private forces, including cars and outdoor advertising. The TPSC argues that public property, such as sidewalks, bike paths, parks, and squares, should be the independent and cultural “counterbalance” to the profit-driven private sector.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consensus_decision-making

Consensus decision-making is a group decision-making process in which group members develop, and agree to support, a decision in the best interest of the whole. Consensus may be defined professionally as an acceptable resolution, one that can be supported, even if not the "favourite" of each individual. Consensus is defined by Merriam-Webster as, first, general agreement, and second, group solidarity of belief or sentiment.

--
Anthropology of religion:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clifford_Geertz
The drive to make sense out of experience, to give it form and order, is evidently as real and pressing as the more familiar biological needs..."

Despite his discontent with most academic philosophy of his time, Geertz was largely influenced by two philosophers: Gilbert Ryle and Ludwig Wittgenstein.
--

Ryle wiki:
Ghost in the machine
  - against dualism, because when body needs to do lower functions it overtakes the mind
...
Ryle remains a significant defender of the possibility of lucid and meaningful interpretation of higher-level human activities without recourse to an immaterial soul.

Richard Webster endorsed Ryle's arguments against mentalist philosophies, suggesting that they implied that "theories of human nature which repudiate the evidence of behaviour and refer solely or primarily to invisible mental events will never in themselves be able to unlock the most significant mysteries of human nature."[10]
--

The Aristotelian Society for the Systematic Study of Philosophy, more generally known as the Aristotelian Society, was founded at a meeting on 19 April 1880, at 17 Bloomsbury Square[1] which resolved "to constitute a society of about twenty and to include ladies; the society to meet fortnightly, on Mondays at 8 o'clock, at the rooms of the Spelling Reform Association…"[2]
  - community formed!

--
Ryle's regress:
In essence, Kant is saying that Reason is outside of the causative elements of the natural world and as such is not subject to the law of cause and effect. Hence, for Kant, Reason needs no prior explanation for any of its choices or volitions. Ryle's assumption is that all volitions are physicalistic processes and thus subject to cause and effect. If such is the case, then Ryle would be correct in his regress. However, if some volitions are not subject to cause and effect, per Kant, then Ryle's regress fails.

	
7/10
Taiwan news:
Opinion.cw.tw

Jeng-Ja.com

Better
  - software for pop up collaboration

See Kunals website/news
  - also should just see his website
Intercept
Democracy No
NPR
The Slatest by The Slate
  - Ben followed for a decade
  - Facts, no analysis

BBC World
Al Jazeera
Quartz
Longreads
  - aggregate

The New Yorker

--
http://bedfordandbowery.com/2015/07/a-diy-space-where-people-of-color-have-empowerment-gets-ready-for-next-act/
It’s important to provide a commons,” he explained. “Because without that you can’t really exist.”

“I call myself the Vibe Engineer because I try to cultivate an anti-show show,” Win explained. “I sage it down and burn incense, put yoga mats down, and set up a really nice atmosphere, it feels like you’re in a living room.” Unlike most DIY venues where you might roll up with a small group of friends, crack a cheap beer, and watch the music in silence, engaging with others by moshing or cigarette bumming, Nola is more about interacting directly with other people. “At Slackfest, it wasn’t about the beer or the bar,” Win recalled. “It was about being comfortable and watching each other and having a nice space where you can chat and chill with people.”

Though they’re inarguably close collaborators now, she doesn’t remember exactly how she met Win. “I probably met him on the internet,” she laughed. “Because Win’s the king of the internet.” Which is where Win first became acquainted with DIY culture.

“I’ve always lived on the internet,” Win explained. As a kid, he found his way on to message boards. “I met some of my good friends on the Afropunk community board, and just being there and knowing there’s a community of weirdos online helped me understand that like, you know, there are people out there who want to connect and support each other.”

Zines community, black skate shop in Newark, New York DIY spaces, a band he's in...so wanting a space of his own to host shows naturally came next.

He found a Craigslist ad for renting part of a shared art space at Grand and Driggs in Williamsburg.

It clicked that I should be doing something else. I should be doing what I want to do, which is book shows and organize for my 13-year-old self,”

When I was working on getting Nola Darling set up, I was reading a book about Spike Lee’s process of making his first major film and not having any money or any funding and not being deterred because it just had to happen. That really inspired me, coming from like, ‘Well, I have X amount of money, how can I make this work?’”

But most of all, Win seems to be inspired to create something for people who aren’t necessarily artists or musicians just yet and maybe feel isolated within their communities, and as a queer person of color, he understands the perspective of being an outsider all too well. “A lot of people are like, ‘Hey, I’m the weird black kid who follows shows and no one’s there who looks like me or understands the nuances of being a black kid in an all-white room.’ Creating that sort of environment for them is in essence why I do this. I’ve been there in high school, I dreamed of this community and seeing it come together makes me feel like I’m being the person I always wanted to be when I was a kid.”

Taja agreed the scene at Nola Darling was forged largely by Win’s efforts. “Win is a crazy guy,” she laughed. “He has this amazing way of connecting to people and having them like fall in love with him and want to work on projects with him and want to know more about him. He’s really enigmatic in a really special way that makes it really easy to get other people on board and excited. ”

But Taja said the scene was also a product of POC artists independently wanting to connect. “It also comes from this place of celebration and in certain ways alienation, feeling weird playing music or being one of a few people of color,” she explained. “For me, [it's about] feeling weird being a woman playing rock music. But whatever it is, Win was able to make that into a really positive thing and help people celebrate that, which is a really amazing thing I think.”

My vision is to have an art space, but also a commons that can be used outside of programming, whether it’s a studio or a practice space or maybe like a makers lab where people can use the place to work on projects,” he explained. “We want the space to be used in a way where it’s not a place to just watch content, but where you create content.”

One thing I learned from being in zine culture, is that zine-making isn’t about the final, tangible product, it’s about the community you build and the people you put together,

Cash and alcohol are of course huge concerns for any DIY venue. “I feel like the bar is the most stressful part of any DIY or venue situation I’ve been in, and just trying to imagine a future space without a bar is fun: How do we monetize that and make it work?” Win wondered. “I’ve been tossing around an idea of a membership-supported space, but that’s a high barrier of entry for people who don’t have much money so, we’ll figure it out. I’m in no rush to start a new Nola Darling unless it’s right.”

But, he added: “The space must exist.”

14 ping space!

intentional space

0910079720

7/10
應該買背包的防水袋。
去外面。


7/9
Housesitting
  - could try for visa run
Helpx
  - useless, not worth time for experience, no pay
  - Didn't bother checking workaway
  - this is going in the wrong direction, I need to create jobs!

7-11 is an awful place to be, as is any cafe. It's much better to have a private space, a home. The dorm is better. People sit at 7-11 and cafes because they were unable to create a good home. The subway is better. 7-11 is too calm.

7/8
After seeing the cramped apartment in Dongmen, I daydreamed about
...
Hmm I think I dreamt of being in Taidong. Being able to work freely at a relaxed hostel, long-term, self working, reading, doing everything on my own time, like at home. Comepletely relaxed. Programming, creating. But this life is outside of society, unlike the city, I wouldn't be thinking about advancing society as much, but I would be able to think and argue clearly

WF
CS
Battery to Yilan.

Community development jobs?
Urban planning?

Underground:
0935633183*
http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-1757776.html

Mountainside:
http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3458762.html

Get scooter, explore mountains south of Taipei.
Rent out apartment to others.

Call Taidong
  - check 591
  - http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3473046.html
Call Tainan
  - check 591

Find an old piano
Find an old projector
Find some old spray cans
Ask people to decorate or spray the space

MIT
  - emailed about action path
  - check more civic media
  - Check more MIT stuff

Eh, I think I just need a scooter in Taipei.
  - and traveler friends. And many small houses around Taiwan.
Move money
Call Dad
Email Sweta
Call share house
  - emailed, check it
Apartments on Facebook
和平東路 - 10000, ?
  - messaged
2. Call 文昌 again, 14000, 6 mo.
  - create own community? Tatami, ac, but no private space, unless one has a tent
  - 0989085644
  - http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3473382.html
4. Call house on the hill / find it again
  - damn good. But no culture, just me, alone.
  - Year?
5. Call hostel in taidong
  - worth cost until I come back
  - Ask who lives there
6. Call guting again
  - meh, tell lady don't worry about it
7. Call songshan again
8. Night: research, talk, organizations, talk talk talk
9. Night: laundry, pack, take anything cheap in Tonghua
10. read about public spaces and history
11. Email Dad
12. Monday can see http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3454276.html

http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3458762.html
  - Gongguan, house on hill!

http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3472235.html
  - room near Hackerspace
  - Really good. Just a bad surrounding area, maybe.

Call back linguang apartment, say sorry

http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3444823.html
  - under raohe market, can ask about windows, not picking up
  - 3 room, large

http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3474418.html
  - check voicemail

http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3457426.html
  - xinyi lu, said will call, but probably can't.
  - said after two days

Top floor on 文昌, ask if still available
  - rent out part of it, can sleep on roof, use bathroom, ac, etc.
  - Try calling again

Call Taidong hostel, ask max stay
Call taidong 民舍, minimum / max stay
  - might suck during rain
Check taidong tutor and English gigs, teach programming, science jobs, etc. yay. This is way better! Self study. Creative work.

告訴emily我不要他的房間，我已經找得到

7/6
There's no point of being here if I don't spend time with friends, or with people. Need to get back into people mode. Talk to Pan, Ilun, Xintian, Alice?, Emily, Hiroshi, Rice, etc. Create events, events for creativity, for everyone. All friends.*

But can also have experiences with others, taking up random guy jobs. I'm really out of my social mood. Sucks.
--

I won't feel happy unless my work benefits the community: through survival, education, and politics. Beyond this I do not care, and it will turn me into a useless media consuming zombie. I have to maintain my beliefs to work, to desire to work, to continue working.

I just need a room with a/c, that is all. Back to city life. Fuck houses. Work outside.

Not so important:
OCI - File reference number USAW00366M15, need to mail it. Need laptop to print to 7-11
International Driver's License? - call and ask about status
Capital one credit card activation

Scholarships x 2
Go back to Yilan? Ask long term, until visa run.*
Or Taidong
  - ask longest stay at hostel
  - may cost $20 to get there and another $20 back.
Apply to Hualien mandarin school and English school? Also begin programming work. 

Ask Pan for rooms
Sit and read books in a cheap apartment?
  - must be monthly


Money:
$8 atm fee ( -$5 called to reimburse from Wells Fargo / didn't use Charles Schwab)
$220 credit card for May (supermarket, trains, airbnb, language books) paid today
$142 credit card for June (due next month)
+ ? MacBook charger
$300 withdrawal cash (took out today)
- $20 owe two nights

Possible rooms / apartments:
$200-350 in Taipei, pay by month, often two month deposit.

Flight:
$120+? August 6

今天：
AirBnB The Meeting Place 300, check email
Send 350 to 新天, can try 7-11 wire using atm, must check wire fees, ask at night, hang out
150 to Emily for food, ask bank, LINE message her


Need hostels to keep talking, maintain Chinese, life, experience. Or a good home in which I can call people, read books, listen to music, play games with friends.

Go from hostel to better people. Still, need people!

http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3473046.html
  - taidong, $20 to get there
  - check tutor gigs / websites / schools in Taidong
  - check other jobs?
  - create stuff? Sell in Taipei?
  - Write to MIT
  - Play games, make stuff, live there?

Tomorrow:
0976395087
http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3432278.html
  - quite okay, just need to clear smoke, perfect area, wish it were first or second floor though. Common kitchen too! Fridge too!
  - Try for 3 months / month by month

0903505670
Border less house, can ask / look

http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3386219.html
  - 北醫，maybe has balcony because its on the top floor

What about that first floor apartment with one window?

Respond to couchsurf, fuck it, it's business time

Call apartments, tell no / sorry
Call motorcycle, tell no / sorry

Apply OCI

Call Dad
Ask mom to send clothes, credit card, OCI

小孩玩，成年人工作。他們只想出來機能的思想。他們做事的時候忘記了可以玩、說話，創造。或者他們的創造很容易的東西，拷貝社會風俗，結果是普通的行動。

我在通化夜市覺得很爛。我已經習慣了著鄰區。我應該用u bike起，所以我意識到別的東西，和我鄰區的問題。

我昨天跟新天聊天了很久。哪對我比較積極。我跟人應該聊天多吧。我自己住做不到。我需要人。我需要聊天。我需要去外面看一下，想一下，做事：城市的問題，人的問題，設計東西，抗議。

我需要人。我需要宿舍。我只要聊天。
--
7/3
自己學中文太無聊吧。應該用中文做事，或跟人學。自己學沒有經驗。我總是要經驗，所以我得跟人做事。

會做事：
問三個獎學金的最後天，用電子
公共空間
遊戲
civil

需要錢。
--

Hostels influence people to travel. That is why most people come to a different country. Few volunteer. Few work. Few create. It is up the to space and the people inside of it to influence the group, which is often the owner of the space. The Meeting Place was minorly influenced by Michael. It was more about having many people. The low price also enabled people to be there longer. Keeping people long-term means less travel-inclined people. Allowing long term locals, makes it something different from a hostel. It's now a shared living space with people who can offer ideas and experiences in and out. Events were created by the people. Some by travel book, but many by long term guests, so going to Yangmingshan to see Barret or going to Wulai to have drinks were the norm, as opposed to shopping and clubbing, though some did that. Still, overall it was intended for travel. Few novel ideas came out and none were executed. It is not a space for innovation, creativity, sharing. Dominantly it is for consuming. Also, very few people intended to learn Chinese.


我搬家到的時候我感覺真錯。我覺得我決定了錯。太快？好像紐約嗎？我需要了這麼多天改變我思想。我想出來了太多意思。全部主意不可能執行。有的主意不可能。我得繼續旅行，想出來，搭便車，繼續做東西！參加吧。
--

今天打掃我的電郵。

買茶，便宜的食物，菜？，米飯？ 在JVs也可以買，也表方便，也文化比較多。這裡我不常去外面，因為太遠，熱，不感覺人認識林區人。通化夜市比較好。那邊我感覺可以去別的城市收集東西，在夜市買東西。是鄰區的問題。

Tutoring can be easy money! 500-800 per hour, wow! Especially business or writing. Still, that's only one to two nights at a hostel. Need more money than that.

Do it! Then live with friends. Ask Xintian for room. Ask Emily for room. Ask Pan for room. Friends are better than no one at the apartment.

Because being with people is a new experience at every moment.

Better than an apartment is to keep traveling, moving, working, living with people. It's the knowledge people have, though, I should be able to lead people without knowledge. It's the motivation to help good people.