I'm so unidirectional at times that when what I want to do is blocked or delayed, I do nothing. Add to traps in daily manifesto.

Should try writing descriptively. New comp book should be a travel diary.

Sit outside with Bharatbhai. Stay outside.

People keep me alert, keeping track of time.

6/27 and 6/28 were wasted days. I'm thinking about what to do rather than doing it. It's good to think all of the time, but one also had to be doing. I shouldn't be planning full-time. I could be making games! Helping people! Allocate time to planning, don't let it hinder your work. Balance time. Wander. Don't be do inclusive.

Don't sacrifice sleep. Sleep early, don't wake up earlier. The two last days were useless.

You need deadlines. Deadlines and mandatory work are what keep you active. You've been lazy since India because you didn't create deadlines for yourself. In Taiwan and SE Asia, you had deadlines.

Use events as deadlines. Create events to create deadlines.

Learn to manage time:
Alarm at night. Take melatonin. Dim lights. Think or read a book.

Find birthdays. Add to google calendar or tell Facebook to remind me.

Is life without excitement healthy? A routine life. I don't think so. Excitement motivates action, projects, innovation. Don't go into routine. Keep on running around. Consuming. Learning. Wake up because you are excited.

Call Dinesh Uncle to set a date. Or stay at his house and go to the airport afterwards?

I live a life so far from local life. It's terrible.

Would be really cool to be a teacher that creates games to teach.

Hong Kong at midnight, first night.  Young Chinese professional kids are ending their nights with food. Work hard, play hard. Fashionable clothing. Night shift workers. New York atmosphere. Less dirty, same personalities. I don't want any part of it.

I need to find cool people. They will only be available on the weekends and nights as everyone works. CouchSurf, find cool events, create things to do, talk to people, make games, find studios.

Hong Kong day 3:
A waste. I woke up early, planned what to do, but wandered too much. Not enough motivation or direction. Not enough excitement.

I'd rather live in a random town and work there. Build a community. Make personal art. Somewhere in east Asia, where the people are nice.

Find experimental, new media, contemporary artists in Hong Kong.

I just need to find a community I love to stay in one place. Or create one.

People in cities are wasting their lives away. They could live a better one in a less developed area.

It doesn't make sense to watch movies while traveling. If rather spend time living. Talking to people, exploring.

Movies are for lonely people. People who work all day. People that don't travel.

The kid who made this immature film at para / site remind me of myself. A person who doesn't live. Just observes and judges people.

Ask the kid from para / site about the film community.

Lamma island
New Territories.

A plus of cities other than Hong King: there's more to explore. Perhaps can explore China though. Also have to learn Cantonese.

Try YHA or causeway bay for hostels. And couchsurfing!

Creative media exhibition ends on the 21st.

K11 exhibition ends on the 30th.

A film about a mother and son on a normal Sunday doing chores, showcasing the generation gap, especially by the use of technology. Use childhood memories.

No computer job. No locking myself in rooms.

I get anxious after getting ready because it is already so late. It feels like the day is already half way over. Why can't I just wake up early!?

Project coordinator Videotage. Assistant director, Japan.

Eric Siu. Alan Kwan.

Norman maklanen.

Yoann swankamire.
Jan

The trick to traveling is to keep moving. Don't choose or research, just go. The trick to living is to travel everyday for a short period of time. No, travel all the time. Everyday is an adventurer.

Facebook that guy from Videotage.

Facebook that guy from cattle depot about filmmaking communities and local people.

Skype Taiwanese guy.

Need to sleep earlier to think straight. The lack of sleep is destroying my mind. Or I'm becoming a city person.

I like to observe life, rarely live it.

In order to do work, you have to be with people who do that kind of work.

I'm transforming back into a media consumer. This is not good. I need to think on a high art level. You have to keep traveling. Keep talking. Keep moving. Stay outside. Spend little time inside. Work on installations, film, projects. Local projects.

See Simon's games. See his mandarin game. Skype him about how I'm feeling.

When one travels one feels as if he has nothing to do, no responsibilities. This is how life should feel.

Brush cover.

I don't need like-minded people. I just need people to work with. It's okay if they are working under me.  I need to be the leader. I need to create work for myself.

I should be thinking all of the time. Design is most important. Fine art is about ideas not practical skill.

Maybe I want to capture life that people have not seen before. The middle class need to be reminded of their fortunes.

Cool artsy area in Korea:
Hong gik university station
Park

Hostels in Korea:
Kim chi
L-zone

Khou San Japan?

Consume locally, the bits of the world people have not touched.

A film begins on a bus. The view spots the main character. The camera changes to one on the ground following the character. Several views of life.

吾家

Sunday654321@gmail.com

Wieden kennedy
Akqa

New media and film, advertising agencies

Aim for global art. Giant visions. No less.

Jon blow, Jenova Chen, Miyazaki, Pixar.

Ironing in Hong Kong

Oh Willy, tense guy, head over heels

Lee yong baek
Park Hyun ki

Public Art. Universal art.

Self installation titled Robot.

The new day.

Blog: Searching for something that doesn't exist

Learning language with a friend.

Adding screens to a play does not make it interactive,

Think about her:
Ask her: do you have social connections here either job or social that you want to keep? Do you have major responsibilities holding you back?

Try taking a short trip. Just take a transportation out of here, clear your head, and when you come back to Seoul perhaps you might be reinspired by Seoul.

Playtest Sundays, at schools. Exploration Saturdays, anywhere. Start local, meet neighbors.

The city makes me look down, away from people, focused on work. There's too many people in cities. It's impossible to pay attention to them all. You have to ignore people to get to your destination.


NTT intercom center
Ycam

All I have to do is choose a job. Freelance. Then do it again.

Chuncheon:
2. Buy a phrasebook
1. Buy a SIM card (olleh, KT?), try tomorrow. If fail, ask people for directions.
Makguksu
Dalgalbi (night)
Puppet festival?
Makhuksu and dalggalbi festival?
Animation museum
Hike to a high village near Gangchon
Cheongpyeong temple
Gaegogi
Pat Bing Su

Consume national media

To learn a language you just have to consume and socialize. Two things I am bad at.

나눔과 미래 (sharing and future)

Daum, naver

신영복 - "감옥으로부터의 사색"

Chunhakdong
Guengneung

Donghe pyongcheung bienniale?

윤운복
표찬용

Steve McGill
Charles Orear

I don't care for the art at alpenisia because it lacks life. Only two were nice. A robot which interacts with video and made of junk, and statues of a person's life.

There's little to no interaction with these installations.

You have to keep meeting people. Keep contact with good people. Keep trying. Don't work alone (unless you feel you have enough motivation to complete a project alone).

Playtest every night. Ask people for controllers and a USB hub. Ask universities to playtest. K-arts, Seoul, seogang.

Contact Simon. Determine, Japan vs Taiwan. Update Tomo and that one girl.

Contact that one guy in Korea. Watch a Kim Ki Duk film.

Be social during the day.

One picture per day. Keep your head up.

Beard and Santa hat for MJ and Eun-Chun

Ask Dad to send SIM card

To take on a job is to give ones time of life to it. It is of utmost importance to choose carefully.

Jangrong cinema

"I want to be an architect." 
“In thirty years, if there is a newspaper article about you, what will it say?” 
“It will say that I underachieved.”
“Underachieved? Why’s that?”
“Because I can do all the work, make the right grades, and get all the right degrees. But once I’m off on my own, I won’t be the guy pushing for new clients. I do really good work, but only when I’m working within a structure.”
“Everyone is like that. You just have to practice discipline and routine so that you can create your own structure.”

Photography
People
Moments, like the guy biking in the train lane
Have to stay outside and keep head up
Capture the good and bad. Question people and society. Criticize yet see that people are human.
Start out close to hostel. Learn basic phrases. Translate excuse me, do you speak English? Can I take a photo of you and ask some questions?
Just keep this idea in mind everyday to keep you more social.

Questions are conversational. What are you doing. Where are you going. What do you want to do.

Cafes are useless, until i gain enough vocabulary to listen to conversations. The only good thing is that they are in the public. But the hostel is a much better working environment.

I need to consume all the time. Never be alone. Keep learning.

Less indecision and more doing. No fear, no care.

Yesterday felt great, simply wandering the subways and streets of Seoul. Everyone was busy, except me. I just watched, talking to the non-busy ones.

Rudy guns.
Crying nut.
No brain.
Galaxy Express.

When moving from an undeveloped to developed country, the increase in money and conspicuous consumption hits me. The needs are the same, yet the only difference is money. People get used to this life. People don't think about minimizing their belongings, or using less money in daily life. They have a job and its salary determines their lifestyle. It's non-sensical.

When traveling one is constantly making decisions, like a good designer. Thinking, contemplating, maximizing value in time.

Live robot exhibition, moves depending on interaction (touch, possibly other senses) according to a set if rules. There is a pattern to find. The winner gets a candy.

Only when I am alone do I push people away, and waste time, or feel that time is wasted.

Celedon pottery. Shapes matter.

Color themes. It's best to use craftsman in art as they already spent years mastering it.

So engrossed in classics I let the days go by without reading poetry.

Hex mirror.

Nam jun paik, faust

Kimsooja, a needle woman

I'm consuming a lot less. I'm less excited. This is. Bad.

The lack of consumption and brain use keeps me up late night. I'm not doing anything. I'm not designing. I'm not balancing time. I need to think more, a lot more.

Think games, film, photography, travel. Walk outside during the day. Meet people. Practice Korean. Talk to old people, kids, volunteer, watch a Korean drama, watch a Korean movie. Try Mandarin schools. Contact Art Residencies in East Asia and Paris. Contact NTU. Contact language schools. Contact film school at NTU.

Back button should go to Character Select.

Test Doodle Tangle on Sunday. Book hostel for Monday and Tuesday.

Doodle Tangle next week? Depends on language schools in Taiwan.

See date in Taiwan.

Multi-task! Learn languages while programming. Design other things while programming. Contact people to do more work.

Organize playtest for next week at a Korean University, or, Nabi, or art pool.

A blog about value in time, and work in time, and why digital games are not worth the time. Not even indie games. New media. Public art. Direct effect and feedback. Little to no work, just ideas. Like 

Try scholarships in Paris and Tokyo for language. Try ITP after releasing a few games.

High heels remove floor. Glass pillar, with sign a little above eye level.

Begin street photography. Begin Vincent Moon videos.

Go out more. Talk to artists.

One shouldn't need reason to go out in the morning. Just go out.

Today is terrible. I woke up at 3pm. I have no social life. I've lost track of time. I need to contact more people. Set dates. Do more. Create more. Faster. Much faster than programming. Start a business, like a hostel or cafe. Start a NGO. No office work. Real work. Talk to people.

Still, don't need routine. Just Need to wake up early enough to meet people, and go outside.

It only takes two days to make a fun game or good film. Never forget that.

Perhaps I don't need to wonder out everyday, but I should go outside and get some sunlight, and be in the public as much as possible. I feel more powerful then.

There's no reason to see things or consume something new alone. It's just that feeling of being outside that's needed. Once a day, like the mother from the hostel in Nepal.

To buy online list: cheap iPhone case, FireWire external drive.

Think about what to do every morning.

 Going to specific events is being narrowly social. I should spend time with everyone around me.

One has to live a normal life to inspire art. One can't just focus on art. One would become narrow.

Seoul was not meant to be. It wasn't since day 3.

I just need to not worry about finding people in Seoul and just live and work on Crystal Brawl. New experiences!

Consume life, not art. Travel is the best way to consume life, but it is temporary.

The Korean play is no different than a Korean sitcom. Why would anyone make this? I bet it's fun for the actors and there's an audience foe it. It's good to watch to learn the language and learn cultural differences. There isn't much else going for it though. It's no different from the play on India or Hampton Roads. No ambition. Same old tropes.

I need to live alone and observe the world, yet retain a social life.

Watching a play is like watching tv in real life. At least, popular plays.

I guess non-fine art is fun with people, but terrible alone.

There's no design. No thought.

--
9/2
I'm too giddy now, expecting direct result. I need to just wake up and do the work, hour by hour, no excitement from travel. Just talk to people.

Saojong, sonogoong, chopalgeh

