long scooter ride to 美濃.

woke up at 1pm. Didn't drink coffee and poop and get out until 3pm. Need to get out quicker. Wasting time indoors.

The ride toward 三地門 was instant. The rest was not, but it was beautiful / 很美.

Once one gets near 美濃, the rural beauty appears: mountains within reach, irrigation rivers, rice fields(, as opposed to banana trees, wax apples, and betel nuts), and whatever else that makes rural areas create a peaceful, homey aura.

The close proximity to mountains remind me of 東山，宜蘭 and the Kathmandu valley (of Nepal). It's nearby. It's reachable for everyday hiking. It's a part of everyday life. Feels as if one can take a scooter through a mountain road loop, coming back in a harmonic mood, work-ready mood.

The farmland plains stretch what feels endlessly beyond the mountains, which surround on three sides, and a river on the last side. It feels larger (in area) than 宜蘭. It feels warmer. It feels great at night, hot even, somehow perfect.

屏東市 feels terrible in comparison; just another city -- a smelly, transport-vehicle-polluted city, with all those skanky Taiwanese establishments -- shrimp fishing, KTV, parlors, fried foods, convenient stores.

The valley is full of homes, mansions, poor laborers; a huge contrast, very  in-equal.

But all the small town charm is there. School kids and parents bike between rice fields. The entire area is a home. Nothing to hide. No need to be private. The entire home is a playground.
--

Living or growing up in a such a place, one surely gets bored -- being at home, consuming media. The farms become dull. As does nature. One needs more. More social life. More things to do, beyond living, taking care of one's home (belongings, pets, family).

Even in College Park, I became bored of biking, running, exploring. It's all been explored.

But College Park was small. This is a county! And it includes both: rural and nature!

Still, at this age, it seems I still need the entirety of the east coast to keep me busy. No farms. Nature. Real nature. -- The farmland of western Taiwan are indeed quite a different feel from eastern Taiwan. It's good, just as 宜蘭 is, but it's still artificial, man-made, land-used for farming, industrial farms cover it all.
--

One the way to 美濃 large trucks and other machinery were in the massive dried out rivers moving earthly-material. Later, hills of silt-appearing material appeared.
--

Farmers take walks through nature, or rural. It's beautiful. I love it. Like a good neighborhood, moving through it brings peace.

On the dirt road on the hill (dam?) before 三地門, a coffee truck creates a cafe with outdoor furniture unloaded.

A bottle of roselle tea for 50 cents, a bit earlier.

Families.

Tight-knit (feeling), perhaps.

One can only perform in the town's center park, which likely has the same people going through it.

Not many people to talk to. Media must be heavily consumed to keep the mind active.

The train is far far away, and Taipei, really really far away.

The computer is the only way out.

