Journal18/7/2014It’s not just a thoughts.txt file anymore; It’s a journal.最好住在社交的地方因為那邊對我多行動。譬如：宿舍，學校，有的咖啡，遊戲場，有的酒吧。24/7/2014No thoughts for 8 days? Clearly a bad time in life, especially as I have no work.我最後的八天沒有心思？ 這時間明白的壞尤其因為我沒有工作。我有抑鬱症。今天我睡了睡的十八個鐘頭。我應該住在臺北，每天看我的朋友：FABLAB， 學校，JV'S，咖啡店，別的人。可是萬一我不要跟他們做事？找別的人？我需要人。我不可能做要的事是我的問題。我還沒學會怎麼平衡我的藝術跟我的朋友。我旅行後來第一次感覺這樣，不要認識人，把說話對我不重要。現在我感覺我想出來中文。自從我在高雄工作我不可能來。可能因為我昨天唸書的不得了嗎？可能因為我沒有做的事。工作後來第一次覺得舒服。工作多我真的用功。可以說話，沒問題。我哪有計劃。我覺得去旅行學中文最好。--博物館超無聊。我想了知道人怎麼對東西有興趣。一直經驗？工作，學校，都給你。怎麼人繼續對一個東西有興趣？新的經驗。怎麼有一直新的經驗？創造。請別的人。媒體。跟人一起做事。一個自己只有媒體。跟人一起做很久。怎麼把讀書改變我對世界興趣？如果我沒有人跟他們說話，把我的生活快要壞了。我得學會怎麼教人什麼對我興趣，重要。--The fine art museum wakes me up: laser dance show, clouds and rain, silly sound game, delta.Kinosita Seigao, 歐豪年, 夏一夫, 朱為白. Paintings of nature confirm two old aesthetic: art mimics nature, and the terror of nature creates thrill.7/25在臺北美術館：比台中好或起碼一樣好但是今天的展覽爛。在那邊我想我一個人來那邊好像我的過去的自。沒有朋友，生活。在當代藝術館：不錯。他們安置東西好。有著很多的一樣的東西弄藝術比較力氣。用大規模，連極小也感覺有力氣。耶和華見證人(Jehova's Witness)見了面我。雖然我在乎宗教，他只有一個人看到我了。宗教的人也照顧受地人。--在台灣我沒有朋友了。現在想的不對。別買東西。給朋友打電話。7/27我睡了差不多一天的時間。我覺得因為我的房間沒有窗戶，也沒有響，也沒有課或是工作，所以沒有理由起床。對我睡的地方真的重要因為如果我沒有白天的事情我好可能改變瘋狂。7/30在坐火車從宜蘭到瑞芳：我感覺差不多我在美國有工作的時候：無興趣，沒有情感。因為我昨天衝浪然後覺得身體好？我感覺我很久沒運動。我感覺好像機器人。起床，走，不創造，不想。因為我獨自如果你總是活，為什麼創造事情？以前我消費太多錢。我的決定的能力真的不好。那些次我在方便的商店買了東西。好笨。我覺得是身體的問題。太熱，需要洗澡，水，冷氣，要不然我想好想無業游民。--在龍洞老人有茶會。我聽了Miyazaki的音樂。我覺得很舒服。是不是真的世界？孩子長大的時候應該有大自然。城市改變人瘋狂。如果沒有需要像大自然的環境。7/31Give a good child freedom in the restraints of a procedural government, and the child will flourish?Riding a motorcycle reminds me of riding a car. I day dream. I am consuming nothing, not triggering thought or action. Furthermore, I if I can't think for a log period of time, I can't make a large argument, or anything larger than a thought. The city is far more sociable, more action. Is action better than none? The actions I took were far from optimal.Listening to a lecture series on philosophy and human values takes me away from the world. Instead of taking action with things local to me, I am disconnected from the world. Should media be digested? How to balance media and life? Since I left America I consumed very little media, taking action locally. Wasn't that better? Or perhaps I need to learn to balance, or do both simultaneously, especially consuming media related to my actions. Gladly I'm listening to philosophy though.Taiwanese people are quite passive, hence their history. But isn't that smarter? They only take action when absolutely necessary. There is no constant suffering, just happiness. Or, they sublimate through books or Buddhism or a good social life.But I can't live without suffering and action.--At 東噢灣，the waves are intense; an instance where nature expresses a thrilling emotion. Even the ride around the karst mountains was intense. Again, art imitating nature rings.I can only think when I'm not moving, yet I move so much.--Taiwan is a kingdom of ends. Autonomous. People don't use others.Although these lectures are fun to listen to, they still give a sense of uselessness. Because they are historical. Why go through history and up? Why not start with a personal understanding of the world and go down? This way is more creative, complex, modern, because I am not as stupid as these old people.Which is why I enjoy films. Films leave questions, not answers. The viewer must create the answer. There is so much involved in real life, that an infinite amount of words still could not match the reality of decision making process of the brain.8/1Modern beauracracy reminds me of dealing with Verizon, it's inhuman. It's why enjoy cities and Asia, where I deal with people.I am completely actionless, passively consuming now. I lack a current intrinsic motivation. Transition periods are the worst.8/2 short trip on east coast of TaiwanThe tourism of Taiwan is beautiful. It's built around the nature of it. Roads follow rivers through mountains, shops exist beside places where the earth was shaped in amazing ways. They hire architects from other countries to lead projects. How could I have lived in cities, spend time in front of screens, for so long?8/3The Greeks used dialog as a means to search for knowledge. Later, Descartes, then Kant used introspection, thinking to themself. To stay alive, to pursue knowledge, one must do at least one. Consuming without creating is meaningless.I think I have the same cons of Dad, I am unable to educate, perhaps because I myself had a very freedom-oriented education, and value that. What should i be teaching anyway?Detachment from humans leads to disinterest of them. All that can be done [sublimation] during that moment is create on artistic mediums. I believe a mass of knowledge exists within people, a social life, yet I find it so difficult to maintain a constant search for it. People lose their way, and in my attempt of being social, follow them into meaningless. Perhaps it is best to live under Brooklyn Bridge and maintain a social life within the communities of New York.--At the guesthouse:It would have frightened me to be here if I were in my city mode; a farmhouse, upper class, expensive books, more expensive coffee table, families. Isolation at its finest.Why do upper class people come here? It's just a house in a different place. Are they cultured to living in a house that the most they can do is live in a different place, like a hotel?If they don't explore people, how much are they gaining from travel? And if they don't introspect, all is  waste. And If they don't spend time alone exploring, how do they learn anything other than from teachers, parents, and books? Knowledge derives from others, empiricism, media, and introspection.--It amazes me how I gained knowledge, without reading books. Parents, friends, college park, school, computers, films, cities, travel, lectures.--A thought after listening to today's lecture going in to post-modernism.It is indeed scary that people cannot differentiate reality from media. That their favorite icons are not their real friends.And perhaps that is what scares me about America. I am highly adaptable. If I live in America, I live a post-modern life, consuming more film than reality. I see the poor in films, not in reality. If I live in Asia, I live a traditional life. I am attached to reality. I see the poor in real life, media doesn't affect me, and often, I don't want to consume media because life is more valuable.Perhaps it's a matter of age. One should consume media because one can learn a lot, and quick, quicker than teachers can teach. But later in life, one must detach from media and stay connected with the world, only consuming reality, non-fiction.--Blog post worthy:With the last lecture ending with apocalypse outcome, I feel Bush and Reagan in America in no different from the KMT in Taiwan. People know it exists but don't do anything about it. Does that make Taiwan post-modern? Or were all the intellectuals killed? Or are they afraid? They didn't seem afraid during the protests, but what of it. Nothing was gained. No one stopped working. People still live. The goal should have been to stop certain companies run by KMT business men. With such an autonomous country, it's very easy to accomplish. Protests had no negative effect, except delaying the legislation. The solution is to hurt the KMTs income. Find a business that they own, boycott it, tell the employees to stop working there, and the autonomy of Taiwan will support their human needs, which is quite different in America, who can support an employee's million dollar house running?8/4Viewing my life through the philosophy that everything is simply a reaction is quite frightening.I rely on communities because I require it to react too. If people make games, so do I. If people speak Chinese, so do I. But isn't this just being social? It should be a two way interaction, not just a reaction. No, it should be a community interaction among several people. This philosophy is old, but quite thought provoking.One could just live as a critic of everything. Consume and react, but that lacks interaction.Books are how people talk, bits it's really slow.Aphorisms are better, direct talk is the best.The best way to learn a language is to put yourself in a position where you would react in that language the most....To not react to the world is to die? No, it's introspection. One has built up so many reactions in ones life, one is able to think, even without external stimulus. Only a newborn who has no external stimulus will know nothing.What's the difference in growing up in a post modern society and a traditional one? The knowledge gained is the same. The difference is that people in a post modern world are unable to differentiate what's real and what's media.8/5How is knowledge passed? Is it only a series of experiences?8/6Arrived in New York:I'm still passive. No intake of external stimuli. It won't change until I choose a direction that is social.I must reduce my belongings to move on. It ruined the day, and , now thinking of the past, it ruined several days worth while traveling.I could decipher Chinese, Korean, and Nepalese languages and people. It made me happy when I encountered them. I used to despise immigrants, especially second generation, that did not mix in, creating ethnic neighborhoods; Now, I am happy to see them, retaining their culture, falling back to their food, language, and kin. Social, happy, people.Despite this, the people in the city are over-worked, only talking about work. It felt dreadful, like Hong Kong. Few people responded politely. Perhaps it's the same elsewhere; perhaps it's just my current somber mood.8/9A few days without my phone; unable to introspect without it. Unable to keep my routine. Culture is wasteful of time if one cannot independently think while following it.It's so easy to become a "cog in a machine" in the suburbs.At home, nothing has changed. It's frightening. Similar to films, when the protagonist comes back home.External stimuli is at an all-time low. Without Asia, or cities, the mind spends time on mundane things. All a waste.Without meaningful stimuli, I don't respond. I do nothing. There's nothing important here to respond to. Nothing visible.Media really is the only outlet to the suburbs. Films served as a telescope to the world.I think the house, the culture of having a large house, spending most of the time inside of it, limits it's inhabitants education and worldview.My house has no books, films, games, culture. It is blank, except of those stashed in my cabinet. In a house in the suburbs, the world is inside cabinets.--The wedding contains the same old conventions, same old people, doing the same old things.Talking with Sheetal, without drinks, people don't know what to do. It's amazing how the Indian community in southeast Virginia hasn't changed since my childhood.What sickens me about SOVA isn't the just the place, but mostly the culture of second generation Gujarati people, especially it's association with money.How do the males afford this? Does Gujarati society pressure males to take on money-associated occupations? Do females get by merely as housewives?After leaving Taiwan, it's clear that I always gravitate toward people who's values align with mine, to SF, NY, and Taiwan, ordered from lowest to greatest.I need to take action ASAP. This place is useless. So much time taken into pop culture, without intake of new knowledge.I need to get back to Peter's level of action8/10Dad doesn't fit in too well; his knowledge is too great.8/14Adapting back? It's not right. Becoming fragile, like the rest of them.Even Taleb in Antifragile knows practitioners have the knowledge that academia can't keep up with. All one can do is document the new movements, or, join them. What's the point of philosophy and history if it only finds trends of the past?No. What I learned during my life can lead to novel ideas, at least, novel to the book form, not contemporary city goers. The idea of Antifragile exists in many minds -- "what hurts us makes us stronger", Silicon Valley, etc.I think reading books, the fat kind, not the ones that allow you to think more like Calvino and Bacon's essays, was a bad turn. There's not much point, except to provide terminology based on a canon, to help talking to others. Still, it would have been better to create my own vocabulary, to create without knowing what others have written.Many interesting points came up, especially when I was really into it -- Why Sparta won, post-modernism, how these old people know as much or more than modern humans do, and the biographies of philosopher's -- but now the treasure is low. It's time to just write, as I did before, with ont Wikipedia by my side.8/16Forgot to sit down and think. Need to stop and pee at parks. Too much walking.Matt has good values. He might have bought an expensive motorcycle, but it's cheaper than the cheapest car. He chose to go to Sweden, marry, and go to school there. Was it growing up in America, with high individualism, that he made this decision?Perhaps Sweden is worth trying to live in, if one can survive the cold.--New York just isn't interesting. Midtown is sickening. Perhaps it really was a narrow interest in games that kept me going here. Now, I'd rather explore South America. Learn a language, teach, actually see people. Here, it's all zombies.--The New School's philosophy and solidarity depicted by its history mirros Taiwan, and therefore attracts me.*A freedom to display art (expression). A freedom of expression to end intolerance and / or harassment.* Quite similar to the philosophy where, if it doesn't physically hurt another person, government should not intervene.--I'm not accomplishing anything in the US.8/17Still sleeping for 12 hours and feeling drowsy, perhaps depressed? Not enough social life.Travelers have a high social life, especially when learning languages, therefore they are happy.Did I I want to learn a language because I wanted to talk to people, or because it was merely something new to learn?--It's quite hard to make decisions without an excitement toward them.After talking to girl at Parson's:~"I am only interested in ways the internet can affect the real world, or the real world can affect the internet." And that's kind of the trend.Her thesis is a hand copter that affects the data of the internet.Her advice:MIT > ITP > Parson'sCarefully choose faculty, especially studio class faculty. Cohen and some Swedish dude. Also Zack, who almost dropped the program, but ended up writing a good thesis.She felt Parson's constrained her. The MFA degree requires a 50 page thesis, as opposed to ITP, which does not.She said Parson's takes a diverse background of people, teaches a broad spectrum of things, but felt it's not artistic enough.She wished to spend more time exploring.She said she likes working alone (as she did alone in the Parson's building).She's well travelled, seeing many cities in America, possibly seeking places to live. After seeing everything, she felt New York is best. She also found Chicago cool. She felt San Francisco was too tech business oriented (which is true, but she missed the whole hippie vibe in it, as did I). Portland is on her todo list.--It seems of the time being at the school, she was exposed to new media art, learned programming, and some specific programming for her thesis. She now wants to explore sound and internet data. She showed me a micro controller that uses JavaScript which can directly code into the internet. She's excited about it, and new media. It's nice (that she is,  but apparently I'm not).She felt JavaScript above OpenFrameworks is the future because it directly affects the internet, as opposed to c, which requires a x86 micro controller.--I need to make meetings with more graduates, see the classes, choose them.--It seems I always choose what makes me explore more, which in turn makes me happy.If Parson's does not allow me to explore enough, then it is not right for me. Exploration and social life is key.8/18我的問題對美國是我感覺少自由因為發達國家有太多beauracracy。*在什麼都國家我應該感覺自由。今天晚上的喜劇演員還好。差不多一樣的玩笑因為他們都住在一樣的地方，有一樣的文化。他們都用種族主義。他們得用。如果不用文化沒有人可以跟他們有關係。8/19Without a social life, I'll never wake up.I need to remember those old standards I had when I first came to New York: the product must be great, then only you should work. Jon's work would be unsatisfying to me. I would rather work at a social place or library.I could work for a short period, make money, write, finish crystal brawl; or school and work at a library at night.The problem is intrinsic vs extrinsic motivation again. School directs me in some way as opposed to me going my own way. The time is not right. It would have been perfect two years ago.I would rather do something new, school in something new, then continue living life, synthesizing my knowledge to make things.School goes against my mode of life. I normally choose something I want to do out of motivation, the do it.And perhaps, that is the problem. I haven't chose a direction within the school. I need to look at my admission paper again.If I do go to school, ideas based on my life and new knowledge will arise, and I will pursue them.--But what if I want life to be most diverse, worldly, consuming everything?Perhaps it is the cost that's making me so serious, unable to relax, be playful, artful.The huge architectural spaces are insipid, and block my thinking. I need to find a comfortable work space to spend the day in, or just walk around Brooklyn and Queens, stopping at parks.--Only if I am doing another kind of work on a regular basis, I will think about it, and synthesize all of my skills to make solutions.8/22Wasting time. Not inspired to socialize as I normally would. Not in my direction.Normally I have a direction or place, meet people along it, work along it. Being thrown directly into school without direction is wrong.8/24Perhaps a synthesis of technology and biology is needed. Along with technology and education, technology and medicine.--On the bus to New York again before starting classes.Feel more awake than I was at the house, thinking and writing, instrospecting.In transportation I physically lose connection to all familiar things, forces me to sit for several hours, leading me to introspect.(Lost some thoughts)...I really do just want to write, write my understanding of myself, and the world, then read, the western canon. Read the Republic one night, introspect, Aristotle, introspect, The Prince, introspect, Thinking Fast and Slow, slowly.Unfortunately, now is not a good time. For design and technology, I need to be a crazy artist, having the widest spectrum of local knowledge, of place and people, and their interactions.8/25Haven't had a thought since the bus ride. Too much heat? Not balancing exploration time? I need to sit. Relax. Create a comfortable environment. D12 is not that environment....haven’t thought for myself for some time.Taken from recent thoughts:Although these lectures are fun to listen to, they still give a sense of uselessness. Because they are historical. Why go through history and up? Why not start with a personal understanding of the world and go down? This way is more creative, complex, modern, because I am not as stupid as these old people.Which is why I enjoy films. Films leave questions, not answers. The viewer must create the answer. There is so much involved in real life, that an infinite amount of words still could not match the reality of decision making process of the brain.Did I I want to learn a language because I wanted to talk to people, or because it was merely something new to learn?I rely on communities because I require it to react too. If people make games, so do I. If people speak Chinese, so do I. But isn't this just being social? It should be a two way interaction, not just a reaction. No, it should be a community interaction among several people. This philosophy is old, but quite thought provoking.One could just live as a critic of everything. Consume and react, but that lacks interaction.It seems I always choose what makes me explore more, which in turn makes me happy.Travelers have a high social life, especially when learning languages, therefore they are happy.Did I I want to learn a language because I wanted to talk to people, or because it was merely something new to learn?I think the house, the culture of having a large house, spending most of the time inside of it, limits it's inhabitants education and worldview.My house has no books, films, games, culture. It is blank, except of those stashed in my cabinet. In a house in the suburbs, the world is inside cabinets.8/26I need a life. I need to interact with the world. Without experience, I don't develop the emotions I think I require to sublimate to art.8/27After computational crafts:I really enjoy the workshop style class, where skills are taught, and people just play and make things themselves.8/28After talking to Syed:I feel he gave the most comprehensive answer. His decision-making ability is incredible. He 8/29Missed quite a lot of thoughts without my phone. Should have used pencil and paper.Woke up late, again. I don't care for class or classmates. Yet? Need to develop relationships I care for, but to do that, I need a direction of knowledge where these people fall. I'd rather care for the people I pass everyday. Perhaps I need to live on campus. Perhaps I need to have interest in the major before going into it.I felt, what's the point of making art, without reason? It's just school exercise for scoping and forcing to make something. It's good. But is rather think about something deeply, then do it. I was thinking about politics, work at a NGO.This subway doesn't feel experiential because no one is talking, an no one seems to be open to talk.Really need headphones to keep brain alive.Either headphones (with sufficient lectures and audiobooks) or freedom to roam the world.*I think I'd rather self-study, then take full action, without wasting time being at a school building. During time of action I can continue study, audiobooks, instructable workshops, etc.I make art based off of experiences, and I never feel school provides one. School is just there to keep me on track. Parson's definitely keeps me focused, but there's no experience. Perhaps design doesn't provide experience and always feels like shit? Like at game jams? Perhaps it's my inability to think straight inside a building of people on computers. I prefer buses, cafes, parks, and other public places. The environment I'm in provides comfort, inspiration, culture*, and shapes me. The Parson's space and Manhatten is full of capitalism, and the culture only exists in the form of blue collar workers, small restaurants, the people on the streets and subways.9/3The weekend passes without thought. I need my space. I need to be on the road. I can't begin consuming or creating without being away from absurd responsibilities. I need to reduce my belongings to a single backpack. I need to create my own space, social life.I should eat rice.old:“We practice transgressive placemaking through adventure, intimacy, and exploration.” - Ida and N.D.9/5The American work culture is making me work hard and experience less. I'm not instrospecting, nor having productive dialog. Perhaps it's best to take the least amount of classes. That way I can maintain my own thoughts, and simply sit in lectures to draw a more transdisciplinary education.I feel I am best as a self-learner, researcher, artist in residence.The school just has too much extra information. It was supposed to pull information together like a book, instead, it's all over the place.It's contradictory that a fine arts major starts with a Red Bull sponsored design challenge. Perhaps I should have done fine art, instead of design and technology.There's a lack of knowledge behind statistics.9/6Thinking more about fine art objects, less about experience. Not a good direction. Perhaps influenced by videos shown by Sven and ......The kids in DT are shallow. In knowledge, art aesthetic, fine art, and just narrow, in the sense they spend too much time in front of a computer. Has Parson's been taking bad students for their money? Why would a school provide a full scholarship? I came to the conclusion that I should have applied for art residencies, not schools. I want to continue exploring, and sublimating in the process.9/8thoughts on the train:Design and Technology has design in the name. The major description is not what I desire. A master in fine arts would have been better, with an emphasis on critique, thinking, professional practice, a various art lectures. This is basically what I did in New York. This is closest to a healthy life. An art life.The DT curriculum misses the fine arts core classes, and the fine arts curriculum misses the DT tech classes. The best route wasn’t DT, it was fine arts, with freedom to audit workshops. The collaboration studios are useless. So is computational lab.from notepad (unsure of date):Look at syllabus. Isn’t that passive? Working within a system? What are the benefits / costs of working within higher education? Are people worth it? Should a focus be to design what I know?—things I thought of:Joined a bad team because people formed groups, like a game jam. Same old story. Need to go back to former active / travel life. No more writing. Just action, audiobooks, and thoughts.The people in DT are too tech oriented, using technology without a real use. Their art aesthetic pathetic. Their world-view narrow. Only Drew, Ramsey, Kaho, Shakti, and a few others understand. How to justify $10,000 + $6,000? Can’t.—Determine how much was of my own doing.Perhaps exhausted school. Should have joined artist-residency, or done art myself, in addition to NGO stuff, language study, and reading.I should always be in control of my aiminei(?). If I fail to be greater than school, than it is a problem of self-control.What to do? What are humans to do? Life is nothing without a struggle. For me it was the poor, via media, Taiwan protests, the poor in cities and other countries. It is absurd no t to just live in New York, but to live in a modern country doing a modern job. The utility level is low. Few, if any, efficiently helping the poor. The real altruists are at the source.I must keep my own thoughts. Don’t allow others to influence them. High art, altruism, and politics. Constant action towards all three. Social to learn languages.What does New York that Taiwan or South America does not? Money. Isn’t it more fun to make money in other countries while being socially healthy, learning a language, and physically exploring?New York is too commoditized. Or at least, Manhatten is. Too restraining. I desire the countryside - a house, scooter, library, and computer. Basically, my parents house, but with the ability to see a city, especially for concerns of sociology, urban studies, and most of all, interaction.Will I be more rational this time through South America or China? Or will travel throw me elsewhere?Go through personal history!What does New York have? Perhaps my perspective of New york changed after traveling. My education of places was narrow until I left college. So, even when I went to New York, I was inexperienced. I had worked full-time in San Francisco. New York was the first time I acted upon free-will. I explored. I didn’t take a job, and even then, I worked twice as hard (on my own games) because I felt I needed to. I was a rat. So perhaps it was time, not place, that made the experience so good. Subways to ethnic enclaves, lectures by higher education, free events to further explore people, art, public spaces. It was a time of education, knowledge, which school could never provide.9/9from notepad:The fine arts space is better. It provides a space to make a home, store stuff, and exhibit stuff physically to classmates and passerbyers. The class size is 20 per year. There’s also a kitchen and dining table, a common space surrounded by several workshops — metal, wood, laser cut — and an installation space. It’s perfect.ITP is perhaps the best mix of DT and fine arts. It’s a huge common space with yellow lights, wooden floors, a kitchen, classes going on the floor, materials everywhere. Hai(?) was right, it “feels like you can just take an old bike off of the wall and work on it”. ITP is like a cozy cafe, with yellow lights. DT is like an office space for a large company in California, and fine arts is closest to an artist village. If the space defines the people in it, then I do not belong to DT.Go home. apply to art residencies. Self-learn languages, workshop materials — metal, wood, etc., use top liberal arts curriculum, use top art and design curriculums, make and document stuff, work at a nearby library or cafe or school. Get a teaching degree. Get a cheap motorcycle.The problem with my parent’s house is that there is no social life, and interaction is a key aspect of all of my works. The city is my exhibition. The people in the public are my audience, subject of study, and interest.*random:When the city entirely becomes commoditized, interaction with the public lessens, public spaces are less used. The city need free public wi-fi, sockets, public bathrooms. New York is not the future, it’s a dystopia, unable to recover with even the brightest urban developers. Taipei is the ideal future. I need the family life. People of all ages to interact with. Sunlight, hills, trails, mountains, beaches, indigenous peoples, trains.—what to do?:1. read, travel, consume, work (trandiscipline), interact — school (teach or research), NGO, streets,2. design3. make - write, material orientedpolitics > altruism > fine art > designaltruism - NGO, enabling, teaching under-educatedfine art - writing, philosophydesign - urbanStart an artist village around Taipei, or just help FABLAB.—What do I want to do in New York?:As of now, nothing. there is nothing here that inspires me, likely because no one here has time to talk. I also just consume less. I would need to watch more film, listen to audio books, while walking around.I need more experience, and developing countries provide more of it, with an extremely complex social life.* I feel it’s easier to gain elementary tech skills in developing countries, perhaps, because everything is less specialized. I feel I can learn so much by just working at some NGO, building things, like water reservoirs.Perhaps I just want to play — experience, social, art, and have people to play with.I’ve lost impetus to take action. I need an interactive job to keep my brain going. In stable environments such as cafes I do meaningless things. I should care for the world, the poor. School does not provide this. I shall want to do the things Barken(?) does. I need to be on the streets, dislike the world continuously. I need to keep suffering.—Creating fine art does not require great knowledge of science, just creativity. Though, for new media, it helps to have practical skills to create an object.*I would like to focus on play, space, public spaces, interaction.*Perhaps the most effective education is to continue experiencing, either through travel or film, and then to make reason of it. Experience is key.*Education should be stimulating.*Design only for sustenance.*—not from notepad:Having a smartphone and some audiobooks removes the need of books, which removes the need of going to a library or bookstore or sitting down. One can keep moving, traveling, consuming with other senses. With a smartphone one can also take notes, keep a thought going, again, while moving. There is no need to sit.One should keep walking until something interesting appears, likely in the form of a person. Or, one synthesizes thoughts to create something.Universities are ancient. Experience is the new education.LIGHT IDEA. Gather and direct a large amount of light according to daylight. Direct light through office buildings, or spaces aesthetically pretty.I was so focused on video games before. Such a narrow medium. Fine art is the way to go.Where to live? City or nature? Perhaps the outskirts of a city. Or a city where nature is easily accessible.9/10I am a spatial-visual person. Without either, I suffer. I cannot function within the confines of a building. I need space to think broadly, then take action.If I look at my past historically, I could create an optimal schedule to create fine art.from notepad:Slept at NYU’s library for 9 hours, then read a book for 2, then stepped outside into the beautiful public. Still, no impetus for action. Perhaps because I am not interested in the people? Weird. Perhaps because Americans don’t want to talk, except at a bar, sometimes.I need nature and a city. I need a nice population, a family, friends.*Join Babycastles. That is all you need: a community.*—One must think of every action one takes. Let every action be one of or toward greater good. Politics or altruism in developing countries? Education is useless without action. I need experience — at all times, to be active, although, that action is rarely good.I questioned things, but I didn’t solve them.You must live outside of media. Only then are you creative. Creativity without much reference to art.* Mimic real life, not nature.I need to learn to teach by teaching, not learning! Start with teaching English or programming, then move on.There is an absurdity in higher education …School is a guide (via a curriculum, can use MIT’s). Use it as such, but live you own life physically outside a school building. School fails because of their need of a physical location. One cannot experience things outside, real things. Only in media. One does not physically see a city, nature, other people, other people working. Is it better to spend a year learning how to engineer in a classroom or library, or to learn while being in several engineering workplaces?MIT curriculums I want:philosophy: sociology, psychology, anthropology, urban studies, architecturescience: math, physics, biology, biotechnologyfilmmaking: cinema veritaenew media: MIT media lab, ITP, MFADT — arduino, openFrameworks, etc.need iPhone for audiobook, writing thoughts, having “conversation”—I gave a street musician a ripped dollar. He melded it almost immediately, in five minutes.I’ve been thinking about just creating art for a period of time. See what happens. But I still feel too tired, sick, in the need of energy, and healthy food, especially fruit juice.I’ve been thinking about reasons to create art in a larger context. Certainly not business. But design to make humans interact in a way that I want. To impose a certain philosophy.In Watchmen, Veidt designs a plan to disrupt the world, a fragile one nearing nuclear war, for the greater good. That’s a reason worth designing for.Design must be used for the utility of a good entity for the work to net in some happiness.*Design could be disinterested, fine art, in which the result would also add happiness, as there is no attachment to a negative entity. Note: technology comes with a price. Make art with less.*An hour and a half passes. Too sick to move. Can only think.Universities (especially privates ones) are profiting entities, a business in education. It will always irk me. I’d rather just have friends, a hippie community, shared learnings, no association to money. I’m too ideal. Perhaps a country where universities are free would work for me.Dance is worth exploring. Like parkour, it’s creative, fun, physical, beautiful, especially when effected by music.School is a series of exercises for practice in design, supplemented with some technical knowledge. All one needs is a community to share designs / ideas, and work for validation and guidance.I was like this bum (might be a normal person) listening to street musicians in the subway, talking to others, perhaps against their will. I should have asked others before talking? Nah, Taiwanese people are the same way — social, curious, and unafraid of talking to the public, and often desiring to.I feel like myself at the time of New York and San Francisco the second time — inactive, only thinking, unsocial. It’s useless.—A park in Chinatown allures me. Such calmness. Mothers dance simple, therapeutic choreographed songs, fathers sit and talk, some perform tai-qi, kids play soccer and talk. It’s so ideal. No consumption. Schools should be like this. The world should be like this. But, there is not creativity or work. Or is there?—Without my smartphone, I must go into buildings to consume media via computer or book. It’s awfully inefficient. One can experience the world while using technology to consume media. Not the other way around.9/11The people at NYU library are useless. Far more useless than DT. All they do is read and write because their teachers tell them to. Many are Asians. They don’t know what else to do. Do they not want to physically explore the world?—Wasted another day. People go to classes and do things, but not me. I walked around with a heavy backpack in search of cheap electronics. The same old failure routine. Perhaps it’s caused by not having a smartphone to write my thoughts on, or talk to people. Perhaps America causes me to be less social, less interested in people, more interested in making things, not experiencing them.I thought about old ideas more, further etching out old ideas. Quite useless. I’m not experiencing life.—Reading requires action from me, I hate it. I’d rather listen, while thinking simultaneously.Lectures are an ancient form of teaching, and a one-way form of gaining knowledge, but perhaps in a more engaging way than books. One can listen to a lecture while living, and likely be more engaged, because the ideas make more sense while living.Recitations are also ancient ways of discussing what was lectured and/or read. It is better to just talk to friends about it. Of course, not all friends would want to talk about it, hence it is still relevant. But a better way for recitation would be immediately after the lecture, a good group of friends walk out together talking about it. Forcing people in a room to talk doesn’t always work.—Use Design for this Century, Major Studio, and CC lecture together to think and design things. Use CC lab to learn tech. Pick up a part-time job as a librarian or material-heavy job, like civil engineering.—I notice Kunal’s Facebook post about a residency at Flux Factory in Queens. I feel it’s perfect. Studios, peer-run workshops, skill share, a tight community, like the MFA program at The New School, without the bureaucracy.I liked living as a social-based person. While traveling, I took action toward people. The impetus of each action was for another human. I traveled to meet people, talk to them, ask deep questions about their lives, spend time with them. Every moment was an experience.Going to Parson’s, I came with a very American attitude. Non-experiential, non-collaborative. Selfish aims. I did not seek to spend time with others. I did not value them.Also, I was just interested in the outside world more. I was still acclimating. How could I spend all this money in America? There are bums outside, social classes. Manhatten is full of shops, Parson’s is full of fashion undergraduates with Starbucks coffee cups. How could I think about education on the twelfth floor of a private school that rebuilt a building, charging students $40,000 per year? Manhatten is no place to learn. Taiwan is.Ever since I came to America, perhaps even a little before, when I was reading philosophy, I cried many times. I cry because I have no one. Before, when I lived in cities in America, I didn’t cry. I didn’t need anyone. Now, I miss the people I had, in Taiwan.My thoughts are random because I have no life.—9/14Looked at website similar to Innocentive. The products are designs targeted at lazy developed world users.There’s a problem with me looking at the Wikipedia pages of all of these people who talk about technology listed in the syllabus of the Design for this Century course. It talks about it as a whole, shifts in history, and possibilities. But before this, I was seeking knowledge, exploring, in a far more personal matter, empirically or through philosophy, like a progressive school. I already understood the thesis of most of the books, though I rarely think of the consequences or trends. Still, it is not as interesting to me, because it is not personal. The class makes me aware about things i don’t care about, and I’d rather explore the interests I had before I came to America.The course makes me think about what to create instead of just creating, and that feeling seems counter-productive. I normally just enjoy doing things, exploring, making, no matter the worldly consequences, and I enjoy it. The course instills a need to make something great, as opposed to, something poetic, and I value both, but perhaps, in the form of media, aesthetics more than knowledge. Thought-provoking, to motivate me to create something.One of my favorite works, Babycastles Summit has no worldly purpose, yet I highly regard it. I love it. Can I not simply enjoy what I do without worrying about the world (as long as I do not spend much money)?The girl from Korea said, you have to know the history in order to create something new. But I disagree. One is more creative without a history of art, of knowledge! Everything is new, at least to the person. Art simply would mimic nature, without knowledge of the artificial.More striking to me were the things I experienced in real life lately. The one-man band in Union Square station. The music performance at Silent Barn. The entirely commoditized Manhattan. Reading and writing lacks life. I need to continue life, while listening to this junk on audio books.The things I respond to strongest are only those real experiences.—Because I didn’t have the internet, nor a social life, there were several times I would daydream positive futures, some future project or project path:I dreamed of doing the 5 in 5 project, instead continually making public, social, fine art projects, until I had 50 in the city, with a treasure map leading to them all.I dreamed of giving lectures at Babycastles about games from other countries, relate why I thought they are interesting or fun, and market the event to people of that nation. One week, 5 lectures, each a different country and game(s). Three sets of 5 different lectures. I forget the others.I dreamed of writing a book that contained simple illustrations that provoked questions like Wittgenstein, from observations of my travels.I dreamed a lot more, but cannot remember as of now.Currently, there is a separation from thought and action, and it feels wrong.—I feel that the school didn’t provide experiences I would want to base my work from. All of my work must be based on nature itself, especially humans. But humans in a more natural state, comfortable, curious, on the street, or within their own community.9/15thought during bus ride home, but written at home:The reason why I can’t spend any time at home or in school is because it does not feel real. It is not real work. At home, there is no social life, no dialog, no audience to show work to. I would have to either educate people nearby, show the relevance, or use the internet to find like-minded people.On physical spaces:After seeing Babycastles talk at Indiecade 2014:Anything that is public has an enabling effect. People can freely enter that area, use it however they like. This creates a feeling of freedom, allowing people to do work and feel proud of it. Being physically near is different from interacting online, or through books. It’s more likely to result in action. It’s a healthier life, not work. Constant events, social life, sense consumption.My history with physical spaces:Biking in College Park and nearby neighborhoods, common spaces during breaks at school, retro room in college, public libraries (including UCSF library) and cafes and parks in San Francisco, Pratt Institute’s library in New York, anywhere in the world, anywhere in Taiwan but especially Fablab and my neighborhood park.I must live in the city. At home, I have no experiences, only through media. I need a community.School is not bad. NY communities may be better? Would nee to remember to manage time and educate myself. Lots of time is loss filling out grants and applications. School is a haven, but expensive in America. I should educate myself at home, then apply to artist-residencies around the world.Could ask NY public spaces for a studio.9/16Didn't think much? Being at home doesn't allow me to think, because it doesn't allow me to inquire. Only in bed, or in shower. Compared to a city, my life at home is a waste.Need to use audio and walk around. Books and computers are terrible.To blog:The Western Canon is ancient. The ideas are ancient too. I need to stick to my own thoughts. Only using books as a way to organize my knowledge and add vocabulary. Or, I could solely use my own knowledge from experience and avoid using vocabulary.To blog:Wikipedia has been an amazing way to learn without me even knowing I was learning. And film served as a great tool for inquiry. Film and Wikipedia were my method of learning during university.So was travel. Observing the public. Acting upon it. Reacting with language, altruism.Another blog:Perhaps the most efficient way to make money is to stumble upon outliers in life. Some may not even require a specific skill. Examples: Indian wedding photographer, writer of graduate admissions for Chinese students, English tutor for rich foreigners.Another blog:Choosing actions based on the gathering of knowledge.A constant progressive education.Perhaps my life has always lead me to a pursuit of knowledge, in a manner that is self-directed, thereby feels good, and allows me to do something else when it doesn't feel good. I do a job as long as I feel I am learning in a direction I want to, once the feeling goes, I take another direction, and, another job.But it also leads to procrastination, especially for large projects.So goes the nomadic life.It doesn't mean I'm completely selfish. I help friends, volunteer, and never mind the time.Leading to DIY spaces in cities, independent schools in less developed areas, hostels, public venues, open mics, hipster cafes, central parks.These are spaces where diverse peoples converge, interact, share skills, experience together, share ideas.There is a distinction between public spaces and public events. Public events may have some kind of direction, like a hackathon for a company, or an underlying reason, which adds a motive, often linked to business. These kinds of events only feel good if an intrinsic motive is meant within the context of the event.To blog:What would the ideal space be?:Something between a progressive school and a DIY space? One where people can be themselves yet participate in classes.Mention modern schools in New York, The New School, and DIY spaces.To blog:How public spaces and events affected me:Media is a one way interaction. I left it when I left the suburbs. From then on, I physically attended public gatherings.In SF, I would explore neighborhoods, then find free events, free museum days, free food (to explore more), free art events.I gained knowledge in art aesthetic, physical space, people, but I lacked knowledge in their creative process, personal life, work life.In New York, I began by volunteering, seeing how artists work. I saw how film was made, how an organization was run. I continued exploring, but only what can be seen in the public, from the streets. I can see where capitalism is high or low, and where ethnic enclaves sustain a better life....Todo: buy those great idea books.9/17The movement of objects is a pain. I only want to be fed knowledge, walk, and talk. Why do anything else? I don’t mind farming, as long as I have audiobooks, podcasts, and people to talk to.The Real Wolf of Wall Street video:His sinking to more lucrative and more ludacris lifestyle was described as a metaphor for putting a foot in a hot bath tub: you get used to it, and it feels good.Last ten minutes, he describes everything from the bottom up. A person who takes a mortgage, the broker who sold it, the bank who loaned the money, the government who bailed the bank, the president who encourages to buy.Putin, Difference between Russia and US:Americans are individualistic. Russians are collectivistic.American heroine said, "I can't imagine I will starve". Russians believe in something beyond.Putin believed that in 1945, Stalin would not have used the atomic bomb against Germany. Perhaps in 1941-42, as the country was dying they would have had they invented it. Why did America use it against Japan, a country that did not have any?9/18An old thought: it's very weird to me to meet people for only work. During travels I would stumble upon public spaces, talk to people, out of curiosity, share interests, sometimes joining them, often not.Now that I do have people with similar interests at the New School, I don't feel very interested in my own old interests. Perhaps I really only cared for the people, or the knowledge, or simply spending time talking. People and dialog is what generates interest. It's a bit collectivistic, but it's also social, fun.School is a public space, yet people aren't so interested in meeting each other, or so it felt, in America. Or maybe they don't have the time, and have work, family, their own friends. I'd rather join a public space.Montaigne spent ten years alone in a library because books were the only form of media at the time. Now, people can and do spend years alone, just with computers.9/19There is no experience at home because there is no sensory input. Books and computers do not provide the senses anything. Films do, but it is artificial.I can only think about spaces, interaction of people, when I am in the public of a city.The art I want to make can only be thought of and created in the public of cities.There is nothing in the reality of the suburbs that I want to interact with. There's no diversity in class, race, intelligence.The suburbs is where social life dies, especially to those who value the public, free access to education, free access to art.--Linda Monotano from TransArt Institute wears one color clothing per year to remind her of her intentions. She got the idea from Hindu theology.—Bus 44:Simple short film. Did it really win all of those awards? Or was it a student film?9/20There is so much knowledge in nature. Horizontal gene transfer may be the dominant form of gen transfer in bacteria, hence antibiotics, resistance to pesticides.This article for Design for this Century doesn’t excite me at all. It’s about internet advertising. Should this be knowledge I should know? Why? I’d rather live a simple life.Perhaps I could use the knowledge and awareness from Design for this Century to create art to make people aware of those things.If I illustrate all that I have ever designed, further think every idea that I had, answer ever question in life I had in the past, I believe, I could create a corpus that better displays me as a whole, without needing to take action.*9/22Banksy’s role is to make people aware of what’s hidden in daily modern life, as with many other artists. A good example: the truck with stuffed animals, driving through Hell’s kitchen.I think it’s worth examining all experiences that I value, and determine I value them.A goals of personal art: Influence people to interact with one another, as opposed to media, as a source of knowledge through experience.When access to nature is not commoditized, a sense of freedom rises.Taiwanese people control impulse with essential sensual pleasures: food and drinks, sights, sex. Food and drinks from the local day or night market, or at home. Sights from the local day or night market, a local park, or a weekend trip into nature. Both of which are financially feasible. Sex, I hope from their partner. The world could learn from this.The last statement was created as a result of reading Russell’s best, and thinking of my past. I think this — reading philosophy and science — is a pretty good way of verifying my past with knowledge.At the time of danger — war, China slowly taking over — Taiwanese people feel emotional but do not react with violence, only with non-violent methods of protest. Although it hasn’t worked in their favor much, but it’s commendable.I value action over words, the time of inscribing over a medium, as opposed to experiencing or thinking of something else is a waste, unless one can simultaneously do both.Although I value action over words, now is the first time in my life that I’d like to verify my thoughts, many of which have never formed into words, and unfortunately, the fastest way to transform a thought into a medium is language.I believe verbal language is inferior to visual. One is visually aware once as a baby one opens their eyes, knowledge pours through, ideas are conveyed instantly, faster than language ever could have. Verbal language comes much later. This is why I prefer film over books, especially at an early age, and for me personally, I have not started until now, at the age of 27.A more efficient, progressive manner of gaining knowledge and taking action would be to live and act simultaneously, taking the highest order of action one is able. In fine artists, especially the more progressive kinds [thinking Fluxus], I feel to some extent they live in this manner.9/24After sleeping for nearly a day at my parent's house, then watching the first episode of Connections (an awesome old BBC Science series), I had a weird prophetic dream of starting a kind of New School in an abandoned factory on the outskirts of Taiwan. It started out nice, with a way to get money using technology, a library of knowledge, skill share workshops, current news, later, a department for design for social causes, a department for new art, merging with other public spaces (including Xiutian’s FABLAB and Greg’s Hackerspace), then perhaps having other people to start their own kind of new schools in other old factories across taiwan, passing down the knowledge, then China passed a bill that allowed them to basically take Taiwan over. The dream kinda eded there.9/25Need to get audiobooks. I read too slow, and am generally worse at thinking while sitting and reading, as opposed to walking and listening.Should follow the Assimil guide to how to use audio CDs.Spent too much time reading, not enough creating, talking. Need to focus on main works: thoughts project, writing essays, design, school readings, and language. Perhaps a problem in the lack of gestalts in traditional education.9/26我感覺我已經經歷太多的郊區生活。我已經下載很多電影。我應該看我最近想出來什麼。看什麼時候我改變。因為在紐約我想了比較高。可是我的目標不錯啊 - 學哲文，語言。我應該去紐約，不用媒體。每天走一走。創造很多藝術品。用新的學校的設計。--新的目標：減少行李。第一次：五十，然後準備比較少。9/27Had another day dream after drinking tea. I bought a small plot of land in New York in a decent neighborhood away from Manhatten. I started with a physical sign labeled with something like "building a house, I have no idea how, come join to l learn together". An architect wanted to try a new building design. I influenced it to have lots of sunlight and room for several people, like a hostel in Southeast Asia.I had built a crappy temporary house behind to sleep in. I helped build the house and watch and learn. It was done rather quick.I found DIYey and/or foriegn roommates. I charged them $200-$300 per month. They helped build things along the way. There was enough yard space to work outside. We'd often be outside doing things. I built a bench so I could sit and use my laptop.Ivar came to stay too.We'd talk everyday, know each other's skills, and suggest each other jobs. After someone made useful I thought about pitching a giant collapsible cover so we could work outside during bad weather.Later, I had Crystal Brawl set up outside in an arcade cabinet. I also had a camera pointed to it from the house, streaming it live. Kids from the neighborhood would play.9/30Been a little sick, a little lazy. Also, my phone was never charged.Found that both exclusively sitting down and looking at a computer at or near altitude of eyes are strong influences for idleness and laziness. Laptops are better because they are below the normal line of sight.Also, my room lacks sunlight.I need to sleep and live outside.It would be nice to have the sound of people. Better to have actual people.I need to get out of suburbia.The house is a prison.Homes are safe spaces, and feel trivial.Reading is also awfully inefficient. It is difficult for me to read and think simultaneously, as it requires some effort on my part, especially when compared to listening and thinking. Listening is key. Need to turn books to audiobooks or films, or just create ways to learn the things I want to learn, without media.Creating less, doing less, consuming less. Not looking good, or so it feels.--Assimil is too slow. Need a more grammar based book with more activities. There's too much English, too many notes. Not encouraging or fun. Not demanding.--10/2Suburbs are awful. Made the bad decision to go to Dilip Uncle’s house to eat. Costs time. Need to clean up faster, to get out faster.The suburbs, like farms of any developed country, creates knowledge from what's around. Even with the development of the internet, people still lack much knowledge.There's no point of even reading, audiobooks replace it, and further, audiobooks is able to give a gestalts, because one is simultaneously taking other senatorial input. A book in a comfortable place: home or at a cafe, provokes less thought with surroundings than say, listening to an audiobook while in a subway, walking, or at a party. Time is lost, and more importantly, social life time is lost.—At Dilip Uncle’s house, I felt, again, that Gujarati people are emotionless. They don’t care for others, only of their own kin. The rich value large houses in farms, isolated from the city, in India and when they immigrate. Never has there been a time, it seems, that they cared for someone not kin, either through media or in real life.I feel this relates and harks an emotion that I often felt whenever I am at my parent’s house, in the suburbs — that no one else is involved, other than these few people, and my emotions overtake me.10/3I had two quite long day dreams:1. I forgot.2. I thought about creating public art for Taiwan's department of tourism. The first example was in 九份. I installed projectors in the public along the streets in which Miyazaki's characters would pass at times, interacting with the public. Later, along the train, there was a huge metalwork installations, so people on the train could see (with intention to increase public ridership). Later at Taipei I would collaborate with friends from local spaces. Later in Gaoxiong I would invite Simon. Behind the works there was a practical reason; they were intentional designs, to promote use of public space, find ways to keep workers at home instead inside dehumanizing science parks, a work back at home trend. I imagined those messy Asian craftsmen streets, but now with technology that individuals could use, to produce. It also emphasized use of existing and produced technologies, in the service sector, as opposed to creating new ones (I have no idea how it did this).  At some point it came down to the rich people in certain neighborhoods in Taipei. They were being pressured, not by protests, but the life of society, to sell their extra belongings: cars.    Also at some point I made installations at Hsinchu science park, and 新意, again, to promote public space usage, but in hope to remind them the lively street life back home, and influence them to go back home.    I also revived Humans of Taiwan, but with a more political reason, showing the president riding a bike, or tech workers at their homes in those charming Taipei neighborhoods.--I should be focusing on my thoughts, using it as a guide to unsolved personal questions and feelings, creating, then using the books as reference, to aid thought. As research, never the other way around. Reading a book from one end to the other is missing the point in creativity. I should blog those questions and try to answer them myself. This way, I keep the conversation going, with me as the main interlocutor.--I wasted an entire day looking at videos of different camcorders. Why? One problem is that I am ordering a product bottom up -- I don't have a problem to be solved or specific intention for it, far more difficult than having an immediate practical reason to buy something. Another problem is that in the suburbs it's quite easy to forget the world and focus on something so narrow. In the city, a hostel, a place with distractions, I am less likely to over-spend time on trivial things; Alone, it's quite difficult to schedule time.Should life be based on some kind of time? Why? Why not just live according to one's body time? Time depends on current interest. If one needs to talk to people, than one likely should wake up with those people. If one's friends wake up at the same time as you, then the time of others does not matter.--10/6Within the past few days I had these thoughts:If a person grows up in a city, and isn't completely isolated within a house, that person would have been exposed to more information, through all senses, than he would have in a controlled environment. In a controller evironment (house, class, suburbs) data is directed by educators, media. Growth depends entirely on the interaction of the person with other persons. And if there are no persons, than an interactive media, such as the internet.No. There's a lot to learn in a house, there's just more in a city. Interactions of masses of people in the public cannot be entirely comprehended. If one has leisure time in a city, it's quite easy to max a brain out, with the sensorial input of the artificial and the people.It's quite difficult to emulate the city experience at home, and even more difficult when you are in a city, listening to headphones, talking to multiple friends on a smartphone, while on a subway. Human interaction cannot be emulated. The closest practical solution is Veidt's: an array of televisions, and perhaps each with it's own audio output. And even then some of those televisions should have a persons walking with a video camera, which no television program does.When I arrived to my parent's house I experienced a huge step down in the feeling of experience, and I've never been able to get to a city level, and sure not an Asian city levels. It's too artificial, cold. In order for me to create I cannot be in a void, or perhaps only temporarily, like late nights at a library. But I still need a stimulus-filled normal life.--In another thought:I thought about how I grew up along new technologies...--After a brief Wikipedia browsing of ziprasodone, anti-psychotics, schizophrenia, pyschosis, and sensory deprivation, it seems science is slowly proving what a healthy life requires -- sensory stimuli, social interaction, happiness, a good life.--At the grocery store with mom:She was so happy to go to the bathroom. She's been having constipation, and it's all she's been thinking about, to hallucinatory levels.It's because that's the only stimulus she has in the house. There is no one for her to talk to, no stimuli to respond to, and subsequently no creativity to make up for the lack of it.I drove to Food Lion. I bought cereal the same place as I had many years ago. The store was empty, reminiscent of the suburb Tomo's parent live in -- a heartless place with elderly people. I nearly cried several times at how sad life is in the suburbs. She was so happy to buy grocery from the same Food Lion with me; I was so sad she lives this way.Is it my perspective? I don't think so. Elderly homes are just as bad. Perhaps better, there's more people. The good life simply does not exist in the suburbs.--In happier places, Southeast Asia and Taiwan, people tend to be happier with simple everyday interactions and sensory input: food, taking a picture with friends or even oneself, clothes, a short trip to nature, a short trip to get some bubble milk tea, a short stroll through a night market. Simple everyday pleasures; feed those impulses immediately. Overall it seems a more natural state of life, especially when compared to developed countries.--Spent a long time reading Tractacus Logico-Philosophicus. It's balogne, like anti-fragile. Even Wittgenstein had fluff in that tiny book, and Russell's introduction summarizes all he accomplished in it in a few pages.I'm starting to think philosophers are not he way to go, but live life and read Wikipedia.Though, I still enjoy Aristotle. So, perhaps, there's still politics.--Madame Bovary, Lolita, Hamlet, Middlemarch and others from Time's top 10:Read the Wikipedia. It's a realist novel. Most of them are. And it seems like any realist film, but simpler. Why read that when you can watch a film? Why read any novel? Literature is one of the most ancient forms of art, and a very inefficient one most of the time when compared to films, save Calvino. Lolita even sounds as if it would make a good film. The others seem ancient. Perhaps ancient because they are not modern, too far from current reality. People in my society don't act in the ways that people in Hamlet do. Their moral actions are plain, incomparable to a Kairostami film.Or am I incapable of learning from such material. Books are too far from reality, films are much closer, and games can be a shared experience.I feel that only perhaps Tolstoy is worth reading, as he may offer more insight, philosophically, worldly in scope, detailed to the individual. Anne Karrenina more so that War and Peace, but perhaps both are worth it in different ways.There's a trend in all art works, especially book and film, of what makes them great and endure time: they are both characteristically real. Tokyo Story and Anne Karrenina feel real, at any moment of time. Neither emphasize period or culture. Both are humane.From the Wikipedia article of In Search of Lost Time:"the work of art can recapture the lost and thus save it from destruction, at least in our minds. Art triumphs over the destructive power of time.""we are all capable of producing art, if by this we mean taking the experiences of life and transforming them in a way that shows understanding and maturity."10/7Home isn't the ideal country house where I can think freely. There's no nature. There's just suburbs and media. If I'm living in one place, even surrounding nature may lose it's beauty over time. Quicker if it's cold. The ideal place is either a small town surrounded by nature: Bhaktapur, Darjeeling, any town in Thailand, any town in Taiwan; or, a nice neighborhood in a city, Taipei, maybe New York. The cities being a long-term solution, the towns short; a temporary relief. Eventually I need people I get along with really well that live in the same place.10/9I has very few thoughts yesterday, but I was too lazy to find or charge my phone to write them.I had the thought about my mom coming to Taiwan, we'd buy a small tea shop on my favorite street, sometimes make and sell indian tea, and sometimes sell Indian food buffet style -- whenever my mom felt like it. She had some auntie friends that took care of her. I continued my life doing new media art in Taiwan. We only got to see each other whenever I came home, and special occasions, but it was enough.Without the stimulation if reality the mind simulates one.--I slept for a long time last night, so I have a lot f energy stores. Instead of running outside, I try shadow-boxing-like exercises. I can't do it without stopping and thinking. I really need to just walk with a backpack and think. I can't exercise without thought anymore. Exercise just brings more thought. I need to get out of this house soon, get my life back,  talking all day.--Tried studying some Italian, but it's just not right. I'm not using it, so why study it now? It doesn't fit the way I learn. It's too unnatural. Need to do passive language study at night.10/10Long day dreams of Reena's wedding. Somehow I took over MC, made it more personal -- close friends gathered in a circle for some normal conversation and stories. No dance. People ate when they wanted. Like a normal party at Reena's house. I gave compliments to the couple for being such good, welcoming people, and to their parents from whom their traits derive.Well, I could describe it more, but I don't think it's necessary. More important it to continually note how much I daydream at home, in the suburbs. Daydreams replace life.--Another long day dream:I went over all of my thoughts, extracted several theories, posted my thoughts bridged and abridged. The amount of theories was relatively high, highest in modern history. I won a Nobel in Philosophy. I have a speech of a modern pedagogy based on extremely progressive education mixed with traveling through different countries, dedicated it to my parents, and thanked all public spaces and accessible people.--"Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity."--I read up to perhaps exactly how much I listened through the audiobook of A Briefer History in Time. The difference is that when I listened to it, I was experiencing something: I was on a train, in the public, programming; doing something simultaneously, and I was able to comprehend it completely, perhaps even better.While reading, I am too completionist, slow. I should just inhale the book as I do films. Instead, reading, is and always has been a chore. For some reason, reading blocks my brain from thinking. So, unlike a film or audiobook, I am unable to think.Also, with the audiobook, I take notes. Whereas with a book, I merely underline and annotate.Try the audiobook version of A Briefer History in Time.Without experience, books are meaningless.10/11From a good vantage point,  the wedding is similar to those villages in Southeast Asia -- an unfamiliar social custom. This, even more inaccessible, as the village only requires going there whereas the hotel has a high cost.Like Father, Like Son:It's been a very long time since I've been able to watch a film, and even when I did, the content of the film marched the lifestyle I was living in: Taiwanese films in Taiwan.I can't help to philosophize while watching, not of art aesthetic, but of knowledge.Japan, school and work is so artificial: both appear like offices.It is always more interesting to watch films of places one is unfamiliar with. If one watches films that take place in corporate America, one doesn't realize it's even there.An old thought: to choose media is uncreative. Why consume it in the first place? Does it really substitute an experience?The family lives in a house, and schedules life by time, and forcing a shedule on their child. No external stimulus is at play. No time to play games.Watching the life of house people is odd. What are they really doing? Following something they practiced, that society taught, or parents taught? How did they choose their current daily actions? Japanese people are so robotic. I wonder, did they always live in sepearate housing? Whereas South Asians lived together in large families? [I googled a good article to read]Japanese people sure do have giant libraries. Perhaps the reason why their culture is so insular is because their consumption is so. [harks negative affects of suburbs thought]. If one lives in a suburban house, one consumed what's in the house, not outside. What's inside is media: manga, cute books, Japanese movies, etc.My view of life has quite changed. As I watch the film, I notice more. I see that the house exists. It's artificial. Their lives are determined by social interaction. Like watching people as I travel, I watch this film, the people at the wedding, my family. It is interesting to see what actions people take, rather than take action myself.The family has an expensive DSLR, and the kid knows how to use it, without thinking of its affects or it's existance.This film is fucking great, in pacing, tracking shots to provide thinking time, gestalts, setting.The wife's mother highly regards people with money.An idea from another person affected an individual, greatly.It's quite similar to A Seperation, in that an ethical argument is given, and portrayed realistically and masterfully.Education, knowledge, Social determinism, it's all here.Which education is better? Planned or playful. Clearly playful environment. But the father shouldn't always act so childish to the kids.The amount of knowledge that pours from this film is more vast than that of most writers of the Western Canon. The grandmother feels the home is like a hotel, as do the other couple's kid."Don't you think that, for kids, giving them time is everything."The father only realizes this now, after being raised in such a competitive society, he forgot the value of spending time. So isolated from life, so robotic.Classic genetics vs environment problem.The father is taking more part in the decision, although he spent far less time. A problem of gender inequality.film second session (from the next day):I just watched it as I did films in college, without philosophical analysis, profoundly."Spending time" is experience. Is it because I had little experience with my family, neither parent, I do not feel my parent's house is my home? College Park was home, because I had my friends. River Walk is not, because of the opposite; my friends are elsewhere.--I had a lot of thoughts about treating mom today. Perhaps in three sessions over the day. I still believe that the house is inhibiting her from doing anything: talking, making friends, etc. How can it be expected to talk to friends using technology. She needs sensorial experience. Taiwan has it. Or, live with another family.A huge problem is my lack of care to educate others. I should be teaching her to be more active. Talk to her. Often. All day. Have experiences with her. Take her out. (Hopefully there is something in Hampton Roads, some nature). Watch films together. Talk about old photos and life.10/11After watching the film I had a long dream of treating mom and documenting it. "Taking Mom to Taiwan". I would just record times I spend with her, showing a slow recovery from the negative symptoms of schizophrenia, and later piece then together with some transition scenes for time to contemplate between, like Koreeda's films. I was quite successful in the treatment, as she then lived a healthy life in Taiwan, with her own Indian food shop. We both went to Cannes film festival and won. I hadn't told her about the film, and we just had fun and talked over the mic. I asked her a few serious questions for the audience, like, what do you remember of the last 20 years, and she answered them. After that, I thanked Koreeda for being the impetus for the film. And Taiwan, for showing me life.10/13Random mix of thoughts about human rights in northwest Africa, advocacy, Amnesty International. Had a dream of making films with the purpose of advocating, yet, with very good art aesthetic. It would explore human condition, and make good material for teaching in a more realistic manner, inciting action upon viewers.Of Gods and Men:How do people form convents? Need a source: evangelists. This surely must have died in developed countries where internet is prevalent.The priests read religious texts (Quran, St. Francis de Assisi, etc.), absolutely dogmatic.The framing the in this and Like Father Like Son are varied. Sometimes faces takes a fourth of the screen. Sometimes the camera moves with transit or people walking. Zoom is necessary. Stabilization not so, but nice to have.Life would have been quite different without the internet, and Wikipedia.Religion and culture is always weird to me because they are dogmatic. They don't make practical sense. Senseless traditions. It's amazing how much time people have to spend on these things. Neither have monetary value. Neither is real work: the movement of objects or knowledge.These things (religion, culture, government) form because people are social, and later, need laws to live by.The priests do their work, ignoring the world, like the father in the last film, did his -- without play, following dogma.Film could be a great way to make an argument!The priest choses not to take action (reaction). A passive life?So much time wasted while working. They could be listening to audiobooks!If a religious armed person shares your own religion, you might be okay, it seems.This is another very good film of ethical decisions.Both films do often use depth of field.A progressive character in a convent? Interesting. I guess it's because he's the youngest. Also interesting people sometimes want to live outside of it, or at least during a dangerous time; they decided to leave their homes to live a life "for Christ".If one lives in such a style for 60 years, would one change to anotherTechnology won't arrive there any time soon. Neither would have many books.The priests are very familial, caring for each other like mothers.As a kid he wanted to be a missionary. He must have been exposed really early.I read that these kinds of priests rarely idly talk. I think that adds to their conduciveness to dogmatic beliefs. Dialogue, is the social way of gaining intelligence, with peers, not ancient authorities.Getting sleepy here...It seems the main priest entails a bias in his speeches. Saying their actions now matter, because their incarnations depend on it. Even anothe priest says it's okay to die -- "who ever saves their life shall die, whoever shall lose it preserves it". Well, I guess people use prayers to justify their actions?They only give into pleasure when nearing death: wine and music. Such an awful life, the disciplined one. There is no side effects to several kinds of pleasure. They react profoundly. So much emotional response from the music. An artificial stimulus.The film gives good insight to the lives of these kinds of lifestyles though.Only in remote communities can these things occur. Guerrilla warfare almost requires far flung groups of people: easy targets.Why don't people travel to cities? Some travel there for goods. The priests wouldn't be needed if the village just transported to the city. Does this village provide goods for the city? Farming? I guess that's the reason.With the internet, farms must be an okay place to live now, maybe even nice for people who enjoy a quiet life. Still, a dangerous choice in life, and narrow in knowledge. Even with the internet, people are social animals, and if one limits their social life with people in their village, it limits their knowledge -- such an absurd phenomena.***The film is horrendously slow. Though, some ideas do require a lengthy experience to really digest. I could have read the synopsis of the film, but would I have similarly digested it? Perhaps I can try afterward. Perhaps it's similar to reading a book and it's synopsis: one doesn't have much material to formulate why things happened.It's wild that both, priests and insurgents, don't react or take action against their respective social groups. The insurgents killed, possibly tortured people. The priests stuck it out. It seems inaction is the death of people.Hah, Amadee lived for another 12 years, indeed outliving them all.10/14Quoting myself: To gain knowledge in sciences to create something practical, design or technology.Both Philosophy of Science and Rusell's Problems of Philosophy were quite unexciting. There wasn't much new knowledge. A History of Philosophy covers both, and allows me to think about it. I don't enjoy listening to people's arguments, I like to develop my own.*I shouldn't spend any time reading during the day. Only writing of my own history and thoughts, so I can move on.*What interested me in philosophy was much broader: why Japanese culture is the way it is, why suburbs exist, the pros of Taiwan city design, consumerism, mass media, the good life, why people are poor or uneducated, why people make art, why people go to war, etc. All of which are social in someway, not entirely science, perhaps, sociology. These are the important questions, not what exists, not analytic thinking.10/16Ahh feel so much better sleeping on the floor. And even more so when I opened the window. Nature is surely missing here, as is people.I had another long dream after a morning cup of cha: I went to South America. In a small town I incited action to resolve conflicts of nearby prostitution. It led to the government awarding me money. I gave a speech of how absurdly simple it was to do it. I used the money to buy durable yet cheap laptops in the town's library. I kept a large whiteboard with links to good sources of knowledge: Wikipedia, MIT OpenCourseware. I put a large sign outside about the change. People began using it. It became a spot for knowledge, and soon, a DIY space. I continued to other towns, and did the same. I asked laptop manufacturers for laptops, and they granted me it, as long as I provide evidence, which, much later I give in the form of short documentary videos of the spaces. I do this several times. The spaces grow. Knowledge spreads. People are more active overall. New initiatives are taken. Based on the crafts and experiences of the local people, people do really creative things: metalwork from miners, woodwork for new building designs, new methods to advocate. I keep in contact with friends from New York and Taipei, sharing how the spaces grew. How the paradigm of teaching had changed with the invention of the internet. I write some blog posts about how DIY spaces work, in a social context, its effects on civilization around.10/19Creativity, thought, dialog decreased.No stimulation. Reading is becoming passive. There's no related actions to my readings anymore. Need to stick to my old thoughts, why I began philosophy in the first place.Had thought about mind and body, in which both can be satisfied separately. Audiobooks for mind, visual / reality for body, and a mix for gestalts.10/21Too lazy to get my phone. Getting very lazy in the cold, soundless, suburbs.Notes from A Blank on the Map from perhaps two days ago:New Guinea is not so different from any other forest in Asia, such as Laos. Wooden houses, cultural items. Only differences are cultural: war.The Guineans were taught Pidgin for further communication. [Later, there was a video where a Guinean was speaking perfect English]. They were taught to eat foreign food and live in foreign shelters. They were taught to go on expeditions to help the white people conduct science [geographic surveys, anthropology].The Biami people, just as any other tribal people appear uneducated, willingly social, addicted to cigarettes and enjoys salt.The white guys talk to the Biami people as any other culture would another, through body language, learning their language. It reminded me of learning Chinese.—random notes written within the past few days:note 1:I didn’t need school for stimulation; A city provides that.Nature provides freedom, the opposite feeling that accommodation imposes on me [imprisonment?].note 2:I cannot relate to authors of books because they are insular. Too many references from human life [too media-heavy].There hasn’t been a generation that has grown up without great books as a source of knowledge, or has there? Wittgenstein didn’t read much — he lived.10/22I’ve been writing quite a bit in the knowledge and eduction folder, separating by media. I’m not sure if this is good as it doesn’t keep a time stamp. Actually, it should be done for longer works that span over days, but for short works such as film, perhaps I should use this journal.from Roger Ebert’s article of ten greatest films:“If I have a criterion for choosing the greatest films, it's an emotional one. These are films that moved me deeply in one way or another. The cinema is the greatest art form ever conceived for generating emotions in its audience. That's what it does best. (If you argue instead for dance or music, drama or painting, I will reply that the cinema incorporates all of these arts).Cinema is not very good, on the other hand, at intellectual, philosophical or political argument. That's where the Marxists were wrong. If a movie changes your vote or your mind, it does so by appealing to your emotions, not your reason. And so my greatest films must be films that had me sitting transfixed before the screen, involved, committed, and feeling.”--Cache [blogged and further thought out]:The camcorder in the beginning will look like my cheap camcorder. :(The neighborhood reminds me of the neighborhood of the hostel in Seoul.The couple spends a lot of time inside the house. They cook at home with an expensive kitchen. They have a huge library of books, and perhaps film.They drink red wine. Do they think about what it took to make it?The family reminds me of that one in Like Father Like Son. Their house like a hotel. The kid must be schooled in geometry and swimming. What use? Habit?Hah there's a TV show. Why take the time to create such a superficial room? Quite similar to the couple's living room.The interaction between neighbors is missing. Perhaps they don't even know their neighbors.A magnificent scene with a dark skinned guy with ambiguous fault.This kind of paranoia occurs in the western, isolated world.Perhaps France still has these kinds of problems, of hate, racism or whatever else, but after it developed, they still occur, so these problems seem a bit more odd, and scary. The neighborhood is normally empty, the opposite of villages.Such a simple action, a tape, letters, provokes so much emotion.Fear broods in spaces without people and light.Such small details in this film and Certified Copy and A Seaparation count, and become exacerbated.All of these lives, in houses, so odd. They experience so little, except perhaps through books.Overworking in a developed country, seems to be the trend."Isn't it lonely if you can't go out? Is it less if you can sit in a garden?""Do you feel less lonely at the metro than at home?"Oh man, such ethical inquiry."Anyway, I have my family friend. With a remote control. When it annoys me, I shut it down."Television replaces human interaction. Or any interaction, TV is still a one way communication.His father played piano. His son prefers to hang out.A criticism of modern times, and the lack of attention, and rigorous practice."Getting old... Lights off? No"Hallucatory visions?Even the mother lives in a lonely place. Such craziness only exists without much people.Hah the use of camcorder video intertwining with the real film is soo good. Perhaps horror has done this before, but not this well.Hmm only VHS tapes, and no GPS to check the street name. Perhaps the film can only exist 10 years ago. Making a film now is too conplex.What makes these films so great is that the characters are smart, complex. They know justice.Revenge? And on the other side, guilt. Such a simple concept that harks the mind even at such late ages.Only a guilty person would have gone to the room.Hmm, another film that deals with the Aglerian War [the other being Of Men and Gods], though, this is only referenced as something done in the past. Perhaps French filmmakers have experienced this themselves and feel strongly about it.Oh man, such good comparison to invasion [colinization?] of Iraq."We will ensure greater homogeneity."This is frightening. Not this line, but the film.Only in Western countries does so much paranoia occur. Through part of he film is to build horror, knowing where the child is at all times is probably their normal routine.So much work (bills) for the father, and junk (media, toys, posters) in the child's room."If you're alone you'll imagine the worst."That's a good friend. She did immediately think of her son getting hit by a car.Whoa, this film...It's so good that the film takes place while the characters maintain a normal life, or try to. Work is shown. Raising a child. So much going on.RimbaudAn allusion I'm unaware of, but like Watchmen, every frame of this film matters.Rimbaud was a poet in his teens, then stopped, considered a libertine. A Libertine is one devoid of most moral restraints, especially one who ignores or even spurns accepted morals. [Now that's a frightening concept!] Libertines put value on physical pleasures, those through senses. [hmm, that's fascinating, to see where senses and rational must be balanced]. It grew adherents in 17th, 18th, and 19th century France and Great Britian. France sure was a fucked up place. In French novel Dangerous Lessons, the term a dish served best cold was coined, and is considered an early example of Libertine literature. The genre ended with the French Revolution. [what a frightening time, need to Wikipedia Napoleon]. Back to Rimbaud: "Rimbaud was known to have been a libertine and a restless soul. He traveled extensively on three continents before his death from cancer just after his thirty-seventh birthday." Ooof, reading Rimbaud's biography on Wikipedia, there are some comparisons of a strict childhood. I'm now making myself as scummy as I can. "Why? I want to be a poet, and I'm working at turning myself into a seer. You won't understand any of this, and I'm almost incapable of explaining it to you." "The idea is to reach the unknown by the derangement of all the senses. It involves enormous suffering, but one must be strong and be a born poet. It's really not my fault." Whoa, what a fascinating life. Did Les Miserables affect him much? Lots to learn in his actions.Orphanages breed hatred? Explains revenge.Those early scenes of guilt and conscience were brilliant.His mother sleeps with the lights on, but he doesn't.Meh, these films are too serious. I'd rather chill in Taiwan, without a worry in the world. Except finance and my Chinese.I don't think it's healthy for any life solely based on media. It really could damage a formative mind. Good thing I rode my bike all day and still do.Oh man. The screenplay. Christ it's brilliant.The father sleeps, a scene plays in which the his parents send Majid to the orphanage, for which most of the time I had mistaken it for the protagonist and his wife.The end, also brilliant, not in a cheesy way in which films revolve, though it does. Masjid's sons tells the protagonists son something, perhaps placing a conscience on his father.It seems I've transformed into a house and computer person who can consume films now. Some people think if one doesn't have the attention to read a large book that the person is dumb. I contend, one who experiences media and reflects on it, as opposed to reality, has no life. Currently, I have no life.--I read some of Haneke's biography and first film. He began making films at age 47.His first film was about a middle class family, robotically loving as normal, see their grandparents, then decide to go to Australia, selling everything, then kills themselves.It is the start of his inquiry into the discontent of modern society.I also read the article on White Ribbon, which I saw, but remember I needed to rewatch it. It depicts a rural setting in which a pastor poorly educated children by giving them a guilty conscience over small offenses, and a ton of morally bad people do bad things. It "is about the roots of evil."10/22Been a few days. The last two days was quite depressing. Perhaps from my personal history I go home, cry for two weeks, socially die in a month, then begin using film to replace a social life. Then give up, as media and perhaps even communication over technology cannot replace natural communication and the other stimuli that comes with it.After sleeping for around 15 hours, perhaps twice in a row.Before I opened my eyes I thought a lot, of what to do. Why move if you do not have something to do. The house is void of all stimuli. I finally came to think about writing, creativity. Not consuming any more material, I've done enough of that, or, perhaps I just needed a break from it.I feel great waking up, getting some sunlight. I thought about South America. What to do there. Looking at a map, I'm reminded how small Taiwan is. I wondered, have I seen all I need to? What's different of the cities, towns, nature of the people and places there? Taiwan also has China nearby.I thought about finding a nice motorcycle path that passes by several kinds cities. Working at NGOs along the way. Working at a higher end NGO that does media work moving to lower end human necessities: food, water, shelter, and education. I would spend 3 months in the first town / NGO I select and love, learning the language. Then can move ok from there.I biked to a nearby park, though it took time to get to it. Nature and people are so far from the suburbs. Even the most pathetic park is beautiful.Why not go back to Taiwan? Taiwan truly does feel like a microcosm of the world. Nature is an hour away. Farms, the desolate east coast, smaller cities, Taipei. I can make sense of the world there. It just doesn't push me hard as New York, perhaps making me lazy and going in a less specific direction.The only thing missing in Taiwan is NGOs, because the entire country is nearly developed. Though China surely has plenty. Maybe I just need to research a little and see the difference, what kind of work people do in NGOs in Taiwan, China, and South America.Will I give up on art? Forget New York? I can still apply to film and tech art schools. I just wouldn't pay for it.--Spent some time trying to learn some French. Though I can do it, it's a pain not actively learning. Is it worth doing? I'm not sure. Perhaps it may be better to stick with current interests to keep me happy: the thoughts project and the photo project. I could just use Chinese to actively practice a language.The lack of exercise is also destroying me. I need to pack up and leave quickly.Todo:Thoughts project.Research and read about NGOs.See that book about the future.*Finish packing噁，kindle有中文翻譯的書嗎？10/26我今天想了台灣。好想念。我覺得我應該回去，在那邊我感覺真舒服，總是做東西，說話。好今天多我開始用中文。我覺得用中文寫字條夠了。因為我好可能要用pleco，它給我新的內容。不夠。需要複習考的語法。也應該學新的。新的比較好，因為好可能有老的語法。對，移動前方。哇，用於法最好學語言。Assimil太無聊。噁，kindle有中文翻譯的書嗎？--我曾夢了我跟我媽媽去了Uganda幫忙。她照顧嬰兒，我做了工程的東西。好幸福。--啊，總是走一走對我舒服。--雖然我很早起了床，我還累。可能燈的顏色對我眼睛累。可是這不是真的問題。我需要跟人說話，走路，感覺大自然。我的家太人工的。10/28After reading the first chapter of The Iliad:Though books allow more time for analysis, literature is too slow, inferior to film in gestalts, inferior to non-fiction for understanding the mind of an author.Though this book reads as easily as any aesthetically old contemporary literature, it is just that.It is best to watch a film. There is not much point in analyzing this deeply. There are better films for that. The book was written in an ancient society, closer to primitive humans, such as those from New Guinea.Conclusion: watch the film. Can listen to audiobook, but it's not necessary.--I daydreamed about being a professor in an into to philosophy class. It was comfortable. We talked. I told them during the first class that they had the will to do whatever they wanted: leave class, punch me, take a flight to Africa. Throughout the classes we'd talk in the park. One time we'd have class during a woman's rights protest. We'd talk about what they wanted to do, their interests, and I'd guide them with things I know. The class became well acquainted with one another. Out of class projects began. It was an ideal teaching experience.--The Oddysey was even more fairy-tale-like than The Iliad, mythical, heroic. Though, the translation makes it feel as if it were written yesterday.It has simple morals that fail to stimulate my mind, too far from reality. One-third through into book one I was going to give up, and decided the same for all classic literature. It's all too far from reality. Only realism novels such as those by Tolstoy and Dostoyevsky hold up.I Googled an audiobook, found one using this translation narrated by Ian McKellan. It's great, but still, too mythical. I was again unable to fit it in with reality. I only listened to book 1.--I then decided to just read the Wikipedias of all of the books mentioned in literature humanities. Even those I didn't plan to read. It turned out with Wikipedia one immediately understands what is entailed in the book with context to the author using far less words than any introduction could. Also, if I were interested in the book, the synopsis is perfect for philosophical analysis, removing unnecessary literary content. All of the books are too old to gain any aesthetics from, too far from experiential mediums.10/29Woke up with a clear head. Just lived. Didn't really do anything, or it didn't feel so. Likely because I wasn't thinking deeply with directional action.Going to watch a film, hopefully to wake me.La Passé:Such a beautiful home they have, a rustic front yard for the kids to play in.Still too lazy to philosophize. Mind is numb. Not thinking actively.The other man's kid is like himself. Like father, like son? The daughter, like the main father.The mother, pregnant with two different guys, and not the main guy, yet he spent the most time with the kids. The judicial system fails in this scenario. Mothers could continue to have kids with different fathers, continuously divorcing, taking half a share each time."I also doubt that the mother of a five-year-old would kill herself because she's depressed." Mmm I missed that.Jesus, the kid understands his mother killed herself. How to handle that?Wah, a teenager bears the burden of causing the suicide of her mother's boyfriend's wife.And another random lady bears the burden.Hmm yeah, I'm too lazy to notice anything, just going along with dialogue revelations: why did the wife make the main father sleep with him? Both fathers disagreed on that. Revenge. And the pregnant bit.A single secret capable of destroying everyone?God damn this film. Married to rid old husband? And carried baby to confirm it?And the second husband is just stuck, to fill the space? And he's smart, knows.Hmm, aaaand it turns out to be the maid after all. The daughter and mother are off the hook.Hmmm, and the son now misses living with a family.All of this while maintaining work life. How? Too bad that's not shown.Does the emails matter? Well yeah, then the burden of blame is relieved from the new wife. If it's not the emails, then it's just depression because she though her husband was cheating on the employee. So it would be ambiguous? The husband for not being closer to his wife? Or the other way around? The kid then? I guess they continue.Doesn't matter. The woman killed herself. The action has been dealt. It's just love.Such a beautiful film.10/31Slept for 15 hours. Slept little the day before, but this is definitely because I have no social life, social obligations.I woke up, thinking with eyes closed about many things. One I remember was about what to do next. The last night I was researching Latin and South America. They just didn't look too appealing. Roads, dirty cities, no street culture (save Mexico City), Dutch style gridded cities. A pity, it was such a dream, thinking of Motorcycle Diaries, and how one could just bike across it, joining in towns and cities, working in small organizations. That was my intention, but from history I know I like spending a lot of time in small town feeling places with street culture. I Googled metrics for cheap, friendly, street culture. Found nice data within a spreadsheet, turns out Southeast Asia and Taiwan are quite unique in the world for having street culture.  Is street culture an extension of characteristics of the people?: cheap, friendly, have leisure time, willing to spend it to be social, less interest in competition, more interest in having a good life? I discovered Morocco was quite high on the list, and has street culture. Already dreaming of working at organizations there. Need to do more research. Would be great to work there then continue to France and begin a motorcycle trip through Western civilization, learning languages along the way, working at social places: cafes, hostels, museums, schools, non-profits. At the end, Italy? Belgium, Netherlands? Wherever, can go to Taiwan, and settle, establish some kind of public space, working with that side of the world, with China always nearby. Sounds good. Perhaps the proximity of very different cultures of Europe is just a bit more appealing than Latin and South America; South America is just too large. I can only compare to Taiwan, which is the size of Maryland. I enjoy the proximity of nature, towns, and major cities as found in Taiwan. South America seems like Laos, just vast landscapes and ugly transportation towns. Though, going along the east of west coasts is very possible, and now seems small thinking of the distance between Virginia and New York. It's quite small.--After reading about a blog post about taking a trip from Canada to Chile, I just thought how amazing using a car as a means of shelter would be. A car may cost $2000. Gas becomes very cheap in South America, as do repairs. One can take public transportation in larger cities. Just keep the windows open and roll on. Can use the car's electricity to charge devices. Can listen to audiobooks through the speakers. Can play music and use computer for work. Not bad! I feel my main gripe of Asia traveling was finding a place to sleep, limiting myself to hostels, tents, and wasting lots of time finding the right train. Motorcycling was way better, but even that had its limits. Bicycling is equally bad.Though a motorcycle trip is great, but I must listen to audiobooks, lectures, to get data in my mind. It may be possible with good headphones. But even then, I wouldn't want to drive in the rain. I would have to stop. I would also have to sleep in a tent, likely feeling dirty after a lengthy ride. Even after a day's worth of biking in Taiwan I felt dirty, with a mask and helmet on. I guess I would need a full mask.The other day I was reading about a woman hiking through routes in America. It sounded nice, natural, but I find the lack of access I data quite boring. And the hikes at times would be cold. I hate the cold. She had a solar panel with USB for electricity to charge her devices. Perhaps I can browse her thoughts, see if anything intelligent was going on. She did write really well.11/1Slept two days worth again. It seems I've lost direction altogether. Traditional education is impossible and useless. Its just placing terms to ideas one already has. Why do that. It's more fun and creative to just to live, no need to read or write. People will understand. Words are unnecessary to live and find the right people, one is naturally inclined to do so. That's how society works: people with certain values clump.Anarchism, DIY ethics, Taiwan, Babycastles, is nice to put together, but unnecessary.I had a pretty long daydream of working at NGOs in Uganda. I was there doing civil engineer work. I got Shakti's mom to give lectures of her thoughts on female empowerment in Uganda. I also recorded bits of live material: girls in Uganda. It had become a popular video, and regarded great in that specific education.After that Shakti called. I was doing some civil engineering work. She asked what I was upto. I said I was doing civil engineering work. She asked about how I got a MacArthur grant. I told her the google keywords to find the website, and told her they basically give out grants. She asked what else I was up to. I said after the engi projects I was going to see if I could find other people at NGOs to share knowledge, saying that they me have more knowledge in these things than any professor ever could, with more practical strategies. I also said I also wanted to document the technology people created and use, using local material. I pointed the iPhone camera to people using a long piece of bamboo to transport a bucket of goods [not a good example]. I said to me, this was Design and Technology, it would be great to share it for other regions with similar ecology [and therefore material].The girls around me said good things about me, but noted I was gay. Shakti asked if this was true. I said no, I just live a nomadic life that doesn't emphasize time into social norms. I said I enjoy working and thinking while working, and sleeping where I work, or with the people I work.I started writing after that bit.—We want to give girls a chance of college education in Morocco because we believe that if you educate a girl, you educate the next generation as well.11/2Norwegian Wood:Japanese people restrain their instincts so well compared to Western civilization: dress shirt and pants perfectly ironed. Even suicides and homicides (that Japanese cult) are clean. Nature plays such a larger role in the East.Haha, an individual among a protest.Walking with no destination is so great.Haruki Murakami is pop junk; good thing I opted for the film.Very boring first half, had to skip quite a lot. And the second half, although some surrealism was beginning. Skipped to the climax of waves.11/3Slept early and for twelve hours. Starting to think it's lack of exercise. Either need social life or exercise.Perhaps I need to make getting out of Virginia priority, or hang out with friends in Virginia.11/5Wolf Children:Scenes of different places from different lengths and angles go by quickly to show routine life. Such simple yet powerful technique.Japanese people, so proper.“Overcoming obstacles”, instead of just feely saying or doing something.Such a lonely life: Living in an apartment. The father dreams of having a bookcase in a tiny apartment. Their only satisfaction of desire comes from home-cooked food. No fun? No family? No friends?The law isnât friendly to animals, people are afraid of breaking rational social norms, which animalâs actions do.Wolves can be a symbolism for any kind of problem unusual to society.Environment, city versus nature.One more human, one more animalCause and effect.Spending so much time building a home, oh the joy of simple living.Books for education.All education from mother.Four years, no people. Amazing.Hah, was nice to see that the daughter started as a wolf, then grew more human, and the son the other way around.Though often over-dramatic similar to the directorâs previous works, it does explore human ethics, especially the theme of rational versus instinct [irrational], and I imagine this is more difficult in a megacity of Japan, the heart of middle-class discontent.A great plot device. It enabled the film to explore the core theme through several situations.It is frightful how I die / do nothing without social stimulus. Without the city, without a need for money, I stop. With travel and civilization, I thrive.11/7Still oversleeping, no reason to get up. Perhaps winter does have awful affects on me. It was only when I was socially forced to go to school and work that I regrettably woke up. What's there to wake up to in the winter?I had a long dream of taking mom to New York, living with her, documenting her recovery, from first interactions with people, to forgetting the past, to intellectual analysis of films. The film was voiced over by me, in a non-serious manner that involved me saying "whoa", like a happy Taiwanese person. It also involved simple thoughts on ethics, pleasure, happiness. The dream and film ended when I recorded my mom's expression when the rest of the family came to see her. I posted it on Vimeo, and my Facebook.11/10A thought that came while picking Dad up from the airport:If social determinism is a great factor, then whatever direction people take in cities, hopefully a position held by intelligence, is the direction of the people.Too much reading, not enough creating lately. Because it is cold, I do not want to go out. Becuase there are books in my room, I read them. I need to focus on the thoughts and photo projects. Also on cleaning my room and filling some applications.--Not enough audio either. Assimil is nice, but it requires having a book in front of me. It's rather inconvenient. Also, I'm just not motivated toward learning languages right now, or doing anything anymore.Perhaps I can try Pimsleur, one lesson per language per day. Perhaps it's because none of these are progressive methods of learning. I must be in a country where they speak it, where I can take action.Perhaps the suburbs have destroyed me. I need to get out.11/11I had some deep thoughts this morning, before waking up. I didn't get up until I felt so.One of the later thoughts was about how that the longer once lives outside of society...hmm something. Constructs their own social construct? Damn, lost a lot of good thoughts this morning.When I was reading the criteron DVD inlets of Still Walking and Yi Yi, I thought about how romantic, ideal they were, of a normal life. But their lives are so much slower than the pace of modern life. For me to watch these films in college, perhaps I created a false social construct of real life. Then, when I went to New York, experienced something vastly different, at break-neck pace.It would be nice to make a film that compares New York and the slower town of Taiwan. The Babycastles DIY scene, how people are attracted to new experiences, and constantly created new ones; And traditional Taiwan, which involves the ancient standard life of school, work, and family.--I thought about making films about games. The first short film had the theme that games leads to actions more so than books. It had two classmates from New York, one Chinese, one Hispanic. The Chinese one more book'ish, the Hispanic less. It shows the life of each. Then, there is an incedent they both pass individually. The Hispanic kid acts upon it quite intelligently, using the nearby city to his advantage. The Chinese ignores it.I presented it to Babycastles. I told them that perhaps I created them, and not games, because I grew up in the suburbs on film. That was my primary education. And somehow, I was stuck.I showed them another film, the draft of one, to test. The film was about games. It showed how ideas were tramsitted through experience of playing games. In the end of the film, the film reached the limits of it's medium in trasmitting ideas. The end had a press start to continue playing.11/12今天我起了床可怪早。我感覺什麼都不要做。我喝了一點你讀的茶，騎腳踏車，試試看電影。只有我開了始電影我的頭開了。我的心裡真的慢。可能聽人說話就好了。沒有人，沒有感應。我得創造。風上升者：以前我不想可以有戰勝。主人公命名的是Miyazaki。他可能真的夢想那事情。他總是要起飛。站的東西對他興趣。啊，他有錢，也是聰明的。也有奇怪的興趣。沒有錢的人看的笨。比較他的別的電影，這感覺好寫實。他的夢一樣因為他從媒體有起飛的想法。經的主題：科學跟戰爭。哈哈，每一個人有有人偶像。從偶像他想要學會可能創造。哈哈，好容易。這電影感覺懷古，有很多記憶。他從鄉下？難怪他住在自然附近些電影。什麼都日本人從鄉下。哇！我還沒想了那件事。好像現在也的台灣。哇，地震好可怕可是聽起來一點可愛。好像邪惡的神。哇，他忘了女人，創造比女人重要。哇，Tokyo真的損害了？哇，Tokyo很老。只有六十年以前。主人離世界遠。哈哈，他們的辦公室不錯，有空。好像學校。插畫跟工程看起來一樣。都是設計的。從生活有靈感。哇，這電影有太多知識。哈哈，他創造的東西好可愛，也好玩。真的嗎？日本那麼老？ oxen他記憶了跟沒有人面前的人作用。養孩子只要錢，時間，好的老師 （私人教師，父母，老人，都可以）我感覺我在Miyazaki的心理裡面。他一定經過這些事情。他也照顧沒有錢的人。哈，是啊，客機奇怪。工作需要人家。好多課。哇，美國？hmmm，他個他的朋友說關於日本怎麼發展。快還是慢。hmmm，怕失敗？我想他住在自己創造這個電影。有好多記憶。只要美學的。不要戰，可能不要錢。可是創造飛機需要錢。哇，只有十年？日本好太平。他也鎮靜。哇，magic mountain。sherlock Holmes。 好多備考。可以忘了戰爭？只活？哈哈，他的理想的工作的地方真好。電影後來：啊，他真的創造最好的飛機。不是他的父，可是不太遠。他也創造散熱器。他大罵真的生病。如果創造飛機，世界比較好嗎？看了 wikipedia，一個人可以看什麼都東西：人，飛機，故事。那好漂亮的飛機也有！Between watching the movie:Picked up Gia and Ashi. What an awful location. It could pass for a truck stop. Also frightening: if one teacher is bad, it could be mean a year of wasted time. Institutions are quite frightening this way. Hopefully they have access to media or good peers to better make sense of the world.Lack of exercise is getting to me. Also, lack of dialog, which somehow feels like exercise.我夢了關於有太太。我們有兩個孩子。他們真聰明。在台灣我們養大牠們。那邊我們擁有學校。我們的孩子長大的比一樣，好像wolf children。然後我們來了我的父母的家。孩子你我的家人聰明。我們決定了去旅行西邊。我的父母也來了。我們開始了。11/13Technology is great for design because there are so many possibilities. This thought came much after seeing 海邊 post the dance micro-controller.Mmm. The decision between technology and more humanist works is indeed tough. New York's artists are beautiful, yet, so is the rest of the world.11/14Hmm, not sure how I'm going to get out of my parent's house without motivation to clean and pack up. It seems I just gathered more items then less. I guess I couldn't just be here without living, and living turned toward consuming media, because a social city life was impossible. Things became worse when it became colder. Life is dull.I've been thinking whether or not I enjoyed my media-heavy life when I was younger, when I was in a similar situation, though now I was free will to leave my parents house, it didn't occur to me until after high school. It's clearer why I played games, and consumed media. What else can one do at home without people of similar interests? If I grew up in America, I am cultured in that way, and my friends will be in that culture. Anything farther is quite nonsensical because I did not grow up in another culture.I feel sad now, having a media-heavy life; I just didn't think about it at the time because I knew no other ways of living. Growing up in an isolated home, how can one?What triggered this was the thought of wanting to play a video game. It's taken me three months in isolation to want to play a video game. That is how backwards media is.--I took a slow shower. A sign of not having a life.Then, went straight to the computer. Another sign. There is nothing else to interact with. Life never belonged to a house. It was meant to be social.On The Road (film):Perhaps can have the same experience as the book, in a much faster time.It already has a better gestalts. Books are so dead. Even if this film is inferior to the book, it's a faster way of gaining knowledge and experience.Third in jail, third in a pool hall, third in a public library. Not a bad division of time. Think, play, and learn.Mmm, same problem. One has to live to create. No one creates anything worthwhile while living in isolation, unless that person has experienced much. All that can be written is introspection.The characters live so much life, yet, they create so little, because their art form is so far from experience. Unlike Banky, who can create new art, object or experience, they are limited to writing. How ancient.Hmmm, picking cotton. Not much different from Woofing.Mmmm, dean can't stop living, even rather die than stop. "It's good to have a family, isn't it?"Haha, no care for the law.To life.The dance is great, hah.Dean gets angry whenever someone stops him.Hah, Ed Duncal marries for gas money. Such simple causation.Dean doesn't know the concept of responsibility.Hah, the daughter is so traditional.Only Sal sees the positive influences of Dean?Was benzadrine that popular?Marylou wants something normal. Normal being house, work, family.Hmm, this film is so old aesthetically. Can't compare to Hanneke, Farhadi, or other contemporaries.Hmm, Camille is the best actor. Similar to Melacholia.Mexico City is indeed heaven.And Dean ditches him.Hah, Sal's such a good boy.Reading Cassady's Wikipedia article:This is far more informative and real than the film. The facts are so much easier to determine a person. Father was an alcoholic, was on the streets of skid row, improsoned many times, was intelligent and helped by an educator who may have had sex with him, had several sex partners, one gay, 4 kids by two girls.His hedonistic ethics aren't too bad. He inspired a book, was far more interesting than anyone else. The only lawless thing is having kids and not supporting them. Which he eventually did.Hmmm, His wife divorced him to help him, but felt that was a mistake as the family was the last pillar of his self-esteem."Twenty years of fast living but there's not much left"Hmmm, regrets his wild life, yet, the people around him love him.He uses Mexico as a getaway, and a place to live more.He dies at 42.Is that not the good life? To enjoy life? He was a positive influence to everyone.a thought from the next day:I was thinking about the scene where Sal parts from Dean in New York, how their lives departed, one toward intellectual pleasures within society, the other, the same old kicks. Who’s life is better? Dean is more free, Sal is constricted to society. Dean struggles with money, Sal, maybe less so.I also thought of Mexico City being compared to what Southeast Asia is to Westerners, and perhaps, to a part of was Taipei is to me.I googled up this analysis from gradsaver.of the parting scene and end:The close of the novel finds Sal beginning to settle down with a new love and a new life. Remi Boncoeur's offer to take Sal out on the town in a Cadillac suggests the alternative of a respectable, conventional life. But as Dean shows up with no other intention but to see Sal, Sal wrestles with the feelings of being torn between the two worlds. In the end, Dean cannot enter the Cadillac to go to the opera, just as Sal can no longer follow Dean on the road. Sal has made his choice. As Sal and Dean recede out of one another's vision, one might recall Paul Klee's Angelus Novus, the postmodern "angel of history" as described by Walter Benjamin. This figure has great resonance with Sal's experience.The novel ends with Sal contemplating the passage of time on a river in New Jersey. For Sal, no ultimate understanding of what "it" is has been accomplished. Sal finally understands that there is no such understanding except that of time moving by and people growing old and fading away. As for Dean, only his memory remains with Sal.of Mexico City:To Dean and Sal, Mexico seems to be the promised land that they were looking for on their many journeys. For Sal, Mexico represents the best way out of the conventional white American life. The beer and cigarettes are cheap, they can smoke huge amounts of dope, and they can visit whorehouses anytime they wish. All of this costs little money, and even more importantly, the police and the citizens of Mexico only watch, enthralled by the behavior, allowing it and encouraging it-perhaps because they are Americans. This culture has its own norms, and it is unclear why the travelers should be expected to worry about or even to know about conventional Mexican life.[Mmm, Taipei also has cheap vices. My vices are just simple pleasures: cheap food, tea, housing, and access to city and nature. But aren't those what everyone wants from a place they live in? The police in Taiwan also don't care, for different reasons, and it does make one feel more free, to be able to sleep anywhere, without a worry for crime. But Taiwanese people also live the same way, they'll sleep anywhere too, if they're tired, or if it's just too hot outside.]Sal and Dean seem to have no knowledge of Mexican culture and instead see the land around them only in terms of their own situation. The people's poverty, instead of a hardship, seems to be complete freedom. Just as with African American culture, Kerouac's characters again invert the traditional understanding of the repression of racial marginalization and poverty, instead presenting the life of these Mexican people as being gloriously free from the pressures of work and money that are experienced in America. For them, the primitive nature of Mexico is its best feature. Unlike their American journeys, Sal and Dean see their trip to Mexico as a trip to the source of life. Mexican culture seems not to have been touched or corrupted by modernity. In Mexico, there is nothing to run from or to. It is only a culture to be embraced because it seems to stand outside of time and history.[in Taiwan, it is also difficult to see the hardships, because people are so friendly. I still don't think much of it is hardship, as everyone is educated and fed well, perhaps more so than America. Of course they work, many doing service work, and when I asked them solemnly of they are happy, they said yes. I completely agree with the last sentence. Taiwan and perhaps Mexico are closer to life, as are other happier, island nations. There is a real discontent from developed countries, especially in the middle class. To be near people who are happier is all one really wants, isn't it?]The culture that Dean, Sal, and Stan experience in the mountains of Mexico stands outside of anything they have ever seen. Realizing that the road they are on is itself a modern construction just ten years old, however, Dean begins to understand that even wilder forms of life live beyond the highway. Yet, because they are still white American men, they may not be able to leave the highway to discover the Mexican subcultures. There remains a divide between what they want to experience and what they are able to experience. Sal despairs in his realization of what the road might mean for such seemingly pure cultures. He thinks about the invention of the atomic bomb, a symbol for the great destruction that modernity has brought, and despairs that one day the roads and bridges of culture will be destroyed along with the possibility of a pure and free existence.[Mmmm, adaptation is not so much a problem now. There are methods to learn a language easily. And culture too is not difficult to assimilate to.Where modernity is going is indeed uncertain, especially when one compare happier cultures. People live longer, but do they still live happily?]—some old notes that I wrote earlier when I came to my parent’s house:note 1:Art requires two things: design and philosophy. Design is the use of tools. Data and electronics. Philosophy is the idea behind it, the reason, message, exploration to (of?) the people.Better to move people to cities, let the suburbs die.The other day, I had so many thoughts about the absurdities of the suburbs — cars, roads, strip malls, so wasteful, useless — a nightmare of waste. They should at least be driving scooters, or old cars that barely run as they do in Asia. So much waste — cars, houses, clothes, commute, to a low standard of education and culture.note 2:Information isn’t much without action. Get those asses off school and into NGOs!Though a new idea is fun (i.e. stimulating) it does not always provide human insight.If an an idea is an experience, it does.11/18My lack of exercise, or really, any kind of movement, has lead to a hemorrhoid. It's been years since I had one. A message from the body that says sedentary life is wrong.This morning I had some more dreams. Less than before. In general my mind is quite numb now. It's getting too cold. I can barely get out of my warm room, not too different from that short period in Taipei. Again, heat being a huge factor in energy, motivation, and happiness.I thought …11/20(see to blog.txt)from notes written somewhat recently:1:Digital tech allow people to live in cheap areas, closer to nature; a developing country, yet still work a developed world jobArt for social causes, awareness. Art for social inquiry — subversion, anarchy, no specific goal, just criticize society.2:Should walk around NYC and nature and just design things**, or use Calvino and Einstein’s Dreams.For me to be happy again, I must surround myself with people whom I value. Only after that, should I find a job.Art theory. Make the public aware on a daily basis.What can one person do? Design vs help directly. Working on an object is never satisfying. Fluxus, work as experience, is the key to life. Community chalk(?) is a great idea. — free spray paint! (enable anarchy?). Tools for the public — a rake, dustbin, trash receptacle.Random designs: a co-op game installation for Jason Rohrer’s Between.11/21Mind is blank. Doing repetitive, mindless, organizing tasks. The movement of objects has creeped on me. Media are objects though.To think how much I depended on the knowledge of humans through media. What an awful childhood.I picked up Suresh Uncle. They know nothing of travel, or people outside of the people they know. Aakash too has limited knowledge, and has become accustomed to the suburbs, and feels any city is too fast for him.I've noticed how limited one's creativity can be if one lives in a house. The knowledge of media is all one can derive knowledge from. And media is always inferior to life.I read a bit of a tiny book on Descartes last night. He too created a philosophical doctirine out of nothing. He too spectated and then settled in a city with friendly people: Netherlands. One can't get away from people. But one can choose not to interact with them, and instead, just spectate, as a way to form one's own beliefs, without the opinion of others. Other people are death and life of creativity.一一：哈哈，楊德昌得是小孩子。總是得去結婚，喜歡簡單的東西。我真的慢了。我的腦壞了。他們又舒服的家。男孩子表現好。總是在社會的時間人做事。自己沒做事。哇，我想了我在跟他們。只有觀察。不是部分的別的人的生活。哇，好無聊的生活。真平常。 我也喜歡氣球。 hmmm，臺灣的公司總是有問題，可是台灣人總是知道。沒有創造性，或是沒有錢？哇， 孩子在家自己生活。奇怪，有電腦的遊戲的話。哈哈，父親提醒我的父親。自己做事。生活很慢。或是對我慢？藝術好老：老的音樂，可是，有遊戲。只有人死了，人就起床。我聽了看，因為我不感覺看這樣的電影。太慢。我寧可看比較快的電影。政治學，或是城市的。Only Yesterday by Isai Takahata:Eh, still not feeling life. I'm in dire need of people. Decided to try a film by Takahata.The film is quite realistic. So much work to make something fake seem real.Wow, the girl still did exercises alone, instead of finding something to do with people.Haha such simple pleasures. So resourceful.11/21A thought from Dreyfus argument: ~”Minds adapt to society and forget that they do, whereas AI does not.” I feel that my mind takes a longer time to adapt. And, I feel I shouldn’t have to adapt. I should stay outside. I don’t have to use technology. It’s a choice. I had to sell my items, so I chose technology. It turned out rather slow and cumbersome process, selling things on eBay. It probably would have been faster to sell a la garage sale. If I lived in a city, I could find shops in one day and ask people. Here it failed.11/22A lot of thoughts this afternoon, while still asleep, in the heat from the windows, but I didn’t write them down. I think my body just needed to get out of the 80+ degree room and get some food and exercise.I think a few thoughts were about what to do next, comparing in Europe, South America, New York, and Taiwan. Which is best? Well, let’s re-think this.Europe (from Morocco to as far I can go) would allow me to experience multiple cultures, though most are developed. I would be able to be a part of contemporary art, and whatever else large cities do. Maybe. There’s still a language barrier. I would feel more freedom doing them, because they are not near my house, or even in America. Cultures that are not my own somehow increases the sense of freedom. I could learn the Western European languages, experience their native cultures and high cultures (art). I could live in the Netherlands, which seems like a great place to settle. Perhaps because I would feel more free, I would participate in more social work. Traveling through smaller towns, or the bad part of cities, I would react to them. I wonder, would the cold affect me poorly? I never travelled in the cold.South America is complete freedom. But there is no place for high culture, except, perhaps, to a small extant, Sao Paulo. If I wanted to engage in high art, I would be on my own, using the internet to communicate to high art cultures in other parts of the world. South America, I imagine, I would instead focus entirely on social work. Seeing towns there may be similar to India: full of problems. I wouldn’t know where to start alone, so I’d join NGOs. It would be great to start one, with a little workshop, to create little devices to aid local problems. It would push creativity toward practicality. Making micro-controllers this way is far more progressive and rewarding than going to a school in New York. Also, the art would be quite different. Having knowledge of high art aesthetics, yet being in a country that is so poor, creates a huge, interesting contrast.New York is always a choice. It’s still the greatest city. With lectures from top universities, the future of technology, the future of the world is created there. Well, in MIT, but I need the city. Living there I would probably stick to high art, but also be connected to the ethnic enclaves. I would probably work at a neighborhood community (Chinatowns in Queens and Brooklyn), high art community (Babycastles, Silent Barn). The artificiality of New York may be much though. Should one spend that much time in such an artificial environment? I would be missing the nature of other countries. Also, it’s cold. Also, there’s less freedom — police kick bums out of parks. There is little chance of sleeping outside. But perhaps I can pitch a tent or buy a small plot of land.Taiwan. My brain stopped. Hmm, I don’t know. I would just have to go there again, and see what happens. Perhaps my brain stopped because I explored the entire country. All that is left is to do work. But I know if I travel around some towns and nature, my creativity will jolt back up. It feels like home. The entire country is my home. I can sleep anywhere, do anything. Start a business, an organization, join them, teach, social work (though to a lesser extant), anything. The world is mine. I understand Taiwan more than any other place in the world. Also, other countries are near, such as China.11/27Overslept again. No stimuli, no reaction.Ai Wei Wei: Never Sorry:他也有被遺棄的工廠。在奧林匹克的時候他感覺他做不好的東西。他的作品換新中國的政治學，他知道後果。他每天寫博客。如果藝術人沒做事，他寫事。一共的做事。不是藝術的關係，是每一個人的關係。他用了博客跟紀錄片記錄事。網路有力，因為給人機會改變人的意見。藝術是今天的語言。*你得表現批判。*好容易。得開始理想的社會。他也愛紐約。他抗議，也看了Iran的審訊。在紐約他十二的年做難。自由很怪。經歷自由你不可能忘了。個人非常強，比較國家強。中國沒有藝術。如果沒有人做藝術，你得創造藝術的社會。 總是有藝術人。你得跟他們說話，較。他說他是永恆樂天派。他只要教人。藝術是方法發展新的意見。 是藝術人的職責保護自由地表示。--http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thought_disorderhttp://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sensory_processing_disorderis a condition that exists when multisensory integration is not adequately processed in order to provide appropriate responses to the demands of the environment.Sensory deprivation:Can use blindfolds or earmuffs to easily cut out senses.Short-term sessions of sensory deprivation are described as relaxing and conducive to meditation; however, extended or forced sensory deprivation can result in extreme anxiety, hallucinations,[2] bizarre thoughts, and depression.  - only good for short term. Not meant for longer period of times!After, they completed another test that measures psychosis-like experiences, originally used to study recreational drug users. Five people reported seeing hallucinations of faces, six reported seeing shapes/faces not actually there, four noted a heightened sense of smell and two people reported sensing a "presence of evil" in the room.After the two days and two nights the subjects noted that their inability to sense time, as well as hallucinations, made the experience difficult."It's really hard to stimulate your brain with no light. It's blanking me. I can feel my brain just not wanting to do anything."Isolation tanks:The last twenty minutes often end with a transition from beta or alpha brainwaves to theta, which typically occurs briefly before sleep and again at waking. In a float tank, the theta state can last indefinitely without the subject losing consciousness. Many use the extended theta state as a tool for enhanced creativity and problem solving or for super learning. The more often the tank is used the longer the theta period becomes.10/2No thoughts?Been oversleeping a lot lately. Today I woke up after nearly a day and a half of sleep. I drank some tea. I thought. I thought yesterday too, as I was lying down.I thought about how mom is no different from me. When I don’t have external stimuli, I slow down, my thoughts slow down, to the point I sleep. Thoughts become separated from action. Action is not taken. When and before I came home, my thoughts and action were aligned. I did what I thought. I thought this was irrational, so I stayed at home. I would wake up with a ton of thoughts, executing none of them. This lead only to writing my thoughts down. I used media as a source of external stimuli. It was an inferior replacement (quote media is inferior thought). Eventually I stopped experiencing media. It’s not real. It doesn’t lead to action on my part, save some thoughts to a paper no one will ever read.—I thought about Taiwan. Moving back. Back to the hostel, with Rice and Vanessa. Doing business for some initial money, like a responsible family man would, with the comforts of Taiwan near. Then transition to arts again.12/4Still Walking, perhaps second viewing:Japanese society is very nuclear family oriented. Unlike Taiwan's country-wide community.The life of his nuclear family is restricted to the house. There is no sense of community.The daughter plans to live with the family, working only a few years after college.The son does art, but is between jobs, barely able to get by.The main son passed away.Everything is influenced by family relations because it's the only external stimuli.So formal, disgustingly shaped by societal norms.The daughter's family is more care-free, the son's family, more solemn.12/8More dreams, over-sleeping. No progression. No experience.…conflict? Lost some data here.Anyway, more involuntary memory while mindlessly driving and listening to music.It seems natural to be more dissident as one gains knowledge. Start in society then go outward. Start in a city then go outward.12/9from some website about Inarritu:After coming to the United States:“I was full of these ideas in my heart and in my brain about what is happening in the world,” he said, “how we have been transforming the reality of people who live very far away and how these people can be affected by a decision that is made by a guy in New York, for instance. One decision can end up being a tragedy in the life of a poor community 10,000 miles away.”“It was a very difficult task,” Inarritu said of directing non-actors. “But it is the most rewarding experience that I have had.” The amateur cast was not intimidated by the presence of big stars like Pitt and Blanchett “because they didn’t know them. They were not affected by this pop culture that we have or these cults of personalities.”Barcelona is far less sunny in Biutifil than it was in Woody Allen’s Vicky Christina Barcelona in which Bardem played an artist. “It was just that I discovered that part of Barcelona,” the director said. “It has these hidden, dark places. I think all of Europe has been struck by immigration, and it’s getting really, really tough.”12/15Still over-sleeping, todo-list ethics.from notes I took in America in 2015:*:Information is not useful without action. Get those assess off school and into NGOs!Though a new idea is fun (stimulating), it does not always provide human insight. If an idea is an experience, it does.*:1. learn DIY hardware2. travel, work, consult NGOS3. make small gadgets to aid NGOsproblem-solve, bottom-up never top-down*:sleep outside*:—from Clay Shirky wikipedia:In his book Here Comes Everybody, Shirky explains how he has long spoken in favor of crowdsourcing and collaborative efforts online. He uses the phrase "the Internet runs on love" to describe the nature of such collaborations.[10] In the book, he discusses the ways in which the action of a group adds up to something more than just aggregated individual action"[Every] institution lives in a kind of contradiction: it exists to take advantage of group effort, but some of its resources are drained away by directing that effort. Call this the institutional dilemma--because an institution expends resources to manage resources, there is a gap between what those institutions are capable of in theory and in practice, and the larger the institution, the greater those costs."Cognitive Surplus: Creativity and Generosity in a Connected Age is a 2010 non-fiction book by Clay Shirky.Chirky argues that since the 1940s, people are learning how to use free time more constructively for creative acts rather than consumptive ones, particularly with the advent of online tools that allow new forms of collaboration.blogged a little about The Limits of Digital Work [or Charity?]12/24Fourteen days of oversleeping and doing nothing. That is perhaps the longest period of time I had not written down a thought, if not here, somewhere.In the past I came to the conclusion that writing is useless. Droning at home, I ended up reading more than I was writing. Now I’ve come to the conclusion that reading books is useless.I came to this thought while thinking about urban planning. I enjoyed reading Ai Wei Wei’s blog in the form of a book over the past few days. I tried Jane Jacobs, though the ideas are great, it’s a pain to read. Then I tried MIT’s OpenCourseware introduction to urban design and development. It has several readings, a question per day, and an assignment. It’s surely a step up from solely reading Jane Jacobs, but still, I found it quite useless.Reading ideas other people have created in the form of words is just so backwards. It is far better to just walk around a city; Live in it. People who live in cities have these ideas in their heads, they just don’t think about it. They know what makes a city feel legible, organized, and when they get lost. They live in it.People naturally will find their favorite neighborhood or park. The characteristics of that neighborhood or park is infinite. People have their favorite cafe or library too.Without acknowledging these things through language people act. The world used to be in books, but now a greater portion can be understood by simply living in cities, traveling, and watching films.Just living in New York for five months taught me more than I could have ever learned in any institution or set of readings. Of aesthetic, technology, anarchy, people, cultures, urban planning, architecture, values and beliefs, and more. Though I may have been unable to succinctly vocalize much on those topics, my understanding was better than several books. No book could have covered all of those topics. To date, there is no film that covers the things I experienced. Media will always be several steps behind reality because it takes time for artists to create works from experience. Even then, those works only cover a small scope of it all, often, to a very specific, organized degree.It seems my thoughts on the nomadic lifestyle is indeed right. That one has to continually take in external stimuli and create with the knowledge one has.There was no way I could gather all the knowledge I gained from travels of anthropology, religion, ethics, urban planning, organizations and more from books either. Or films. Narrative films have the purpose of telling a story. Documentaries have the purpose of conveying an idea. Neither really lead to much action of philosophizing. Only reality provokes a deep enough emotion to spend much thought on.In the future I need to remember this order in life: travel, live in cities, films, books. The first for large-scale history, anthropology, and poor community development. Cities for private sector work, modern technology (schools, tech-artists), and modern aesthetics (museums, galleries, artists), great people. Films for human development, culture, aesthetic, and in general a pleasurable way to gain information. Books for ideas, especially philosophy, cognitive science, and social sciences (politics). Though, Wikipedia may even suffice there.Writing is okay, but it’s important not to get too into it. Just use Wikipedia to see terms and write as fast as possible. Don’t read any extra things about these interests. Instead, live on.Or, perhaps, I’ve reached my limit at what can be done without experience. I need to get out of here immediately.1/13Nearly a month since my last thought? Wild. I haven’t written much blog posts either. Brain dead, surely.I had a short day dream while pooping. I was in Taiwan, and I just created several projects, asking money from other governments and international organizations. I’d just use Facebook to ask friends to join projects. I’d ask Pan for architecture and building, Mandy for everything including overseas emergencies. Projects included: helping preserve a language of aboriginal Taiwanese people using Hangul, building a hiking stop to make it easier to get to them, learning from Kim’s organization about how to handle prostitution and going to nearby countries to try to help, going to Japan for another major disaster and giving hundreds of shots to children with a fear of shots, only to pass out beside Mandy wondering why no one else did the things we do.1/28Some old thoughts written on paper:Ficciones:people spend time to write lengthy books which wastes time on narrative, forgetting to use the medium to execute ideas. Why spend days reading?Perhaps I am unable to consume books fast enough, which is why I enjoy travel, real life, and film to influence me. Might be better with music to concentrate, but then that means I am not thinking. I’m also faster listening. My reading speed is really slow. Either need audiobooks or learn to read faster.Films and audiobooks play without me required to be active, it breaks that initial barrier of entering another person’s thought. Then I can think actively once I’m in it.*I said to Jon, if one does not share an experience, was what happened real? I think as an experiential person, life and memories consists of shared times.Listening, observing, inquiring are my greatest ways to learn. Never rewrite, sometimes failing to reinforce.Tlon is okay, like a long invisible city.—The River:Shot location doesn’t matter. Everything is beautiful, natural.Speeds of life, displayed by three individuals in Taipei, traditional-contemporary interactions. [coped to films.txt]Need to experience life then write screenplays.—2/22Long time no thought? Ahhh plaintext is too laggy!!!

3/17
The best way to create a non-hierarchical system of social relationships is to concentrate on the present and on releasing one's own mind from the controlling mechanisms that have been imposed on it.