iPhone notes

look for this another line like this. This text was found in a conflicted copy.
——————————————————————————————————————————————————————
Pina BAM
Oscar shorts 2012 - pixar, meaning of bear, books
Sodastream

Check 400+ withdrawal

Infinity world. Art game. Clouds, blue white graphics, forest green brown, tones, procedural, pretty, infinite.

Like the Argentinian art game. Press stop when done?

3d? Like that art level in oblivion?

Putting myself in an uncomfortable position makes me more productive.

14 and half
10 and half

Perhaps the slump hits hard only because I previously never had something I was excited about.

Way, chris bell

Lectures are just people who are currently interested in something and want to talk about it.

Bit.ly/xHogSW

Convey the feeling of being in a slump. Finding nothing in life exciting. Slaving over old long-term projects. A step toward becoming a slave to capitalism, to the world.

Lectures and similar events are nice. It's people talking about things they are currently interested in, "passionate" about, no matter how obscure. (after babycastles valentines day lecture)

Rail shooter in 3d with cheesy popouts

Super jail

I'm neither tiring my mind or body enough to sleep. I must not be outing enough work hours in.

Anand bazaar
37-49 74th st

Alluda mazaaka

 Lipton yellow label

Practice pulling focus on a dog in a park

I need to constantly explore. Physically and mentally.

Hm. Today I went out to take pictures and i wasn't excited as I was on friday. Bad sleep and diet? Or the fact I've already explored that part of new york.

Indie game premiere?

Perhaps school, even elementary is not the right way to teach as it reinforces people to study before doing, instead of doing.

Don't think far in the future. Just think what to do now, and do that, then there will be a less chance of work going to waste.L


Ben norskov

Remove amnh from portfolio

Just do it. Make shit all day non stop.

Goemon 2

Body
When I am sleep deprived I actually get work done. This is likely a similar time as being productive late night.

I think this is because when I am am healthy I am more likely to digress. I need to have something to do that I am  motivated for or else I will digress, over-research.

Call insurance. WTF.

"dialogue of SF"

Eh, not pretentious enough

Vignette ideas!

Remember to take a morning off to travel and think. Bring a book to read and a composition book to write ideas. Then go home and complete an idea.

Read camera manual

Why do bums live on?

After traveling through the Bronx and Queens, the difference between city folk and the suburbs are clear. Although the architecture is still city-like with large buildings and tiny shops, the characteristics of it is still suburb. The shops and restaurants are dominated by corporations. The people are boring. They really do follow "the system". Making no decision for themselves. They wear the same branded clothing, shop at the same places, eat at the same places. They work for corporations because they are scared of trying something new, it's too risky.

At this point, my excitement for the city is over. I have to take large outdoor trips or travel to Hawaii or Japan. Somewhere completely different.

Buy a stereo system. It's worth it. If not, high quality headphones. Zack's stereo system and my stereo system at home make a much larger impression for me. Ship my stereo system to SF?

Take S3D video of S3D video playing back.

Black casual shoes like the karate ones from pearl rive market

Again, does the drive to do something exist in personality (genetics) or the person (current psychological state)?

Again, some people are just content with the way they are living so a drive does not exist.

Ginger beer

Yelp Mai li wah 7-10:30 everyday

My drive may be linked to my desire to have new experiences.

When sleep deprived I am better at experiencing external things, all of my senses are heightened. When I am healthy I am able to do work. Am I more susceptible to following a conventional path of uselessness at either time?

Getting high is very similar to sleep deprivation

Amanda, ritz, textile designer for fashion

Greg, angry bird catapult

Jen, augmented reality

If I ever go into a slump again, I should smoke. It could realign my recent life.

Im still not at the level of zack. I'm confident enough to do just about anything, but nothing as large as zacks projects. I think I fall back on the risk of failing, losing money.

Doctor appointment? Ask. Coffee?

Documentaries still put me to asleep, although "the average of the average" was purposefully boring. Still, I don't enjoy narration, actions speak louder than words.

Perhaps I can film things, then using creativity in design, I can create some kind of media out of it. For example the neighborhood difference video can have voiceovers taken from 50s shows or readings of an intellectual's criticism of the upper class.

Follow Zack's accomplishments at the same age he did.

Ate there any good films that chronicle the life of an indian immigrant? From no money to owning hotels.

The Truman show like show would do well in contrast to current reality shows.

Document bums to answer my questions.

Watching TV without sound makes it easier to see how ridiculous a show is.

Near future: live in Japan, Hawaii, backpack across diverse terrains, release a full game, make a film, make a song, make an art installation.

Make, make, make. Explore too, in media, people, places.

Explore and Make.

Don't forget about your family.

Parang kickstarter? Copy of DVD?

1 year in India with parents.

Yelp about sprinter bus drivers.

Look up. Look around. It's beautiful. Take public transportation without a rush. Take a trip. Bring my camera. This is the time I think best.

Become an artist. Create enough work that art institutions around the world are willing to take me in for residency.

Music, record own sounds to fit exactly what I want. Don't loop. Keep the flaws. Each flaw makes it more original.

Can really feel your body. Time goes slow or fast. Senses are muffled or heightened.

Before graduation I explored through the internet. After, I explored the world, ideas, art, game, film, etc.

Make a road trip out of the return trip.

How did the world become what it is? Corporations eat the expenses of the lowest of classes.

An art installation that forces people to create music or dance together without music playing.

Need a unique characteristic in film to make it clear that it is mine.

Learn when to let go and when to strive.

What's most important is to never stop.

Only experience media when senses are heightened. At night. Morning.

Wednesday
Pay utilities
Pack and figure out how to ship everything to SF. Weigh bags.

Thursday
See Jacob and Michael

Friday
Ship

Saturday
other stuff

UPS
Open til 3pm on Saturday
Can pack my pc in it's original boxes and ship it. Stuff the futon and blankets in there too?
Zip car when I move?
Buy Xbox360?

Use taped story readings in music
Or pieces of the church radio station


15326

My personality is very project driven, things to do. I do whatever I have to do. It's only when I don't have things to do I create things to do.

When I have a full time job I only worry about the things I have I do to for work, not allotting time to anything else.

How big of a role is emotions in a the lives of personalities that are affected by emotions?

Does it stop people completely, restricting them from doing anything? Only a chance of recovering?

Are logical personalities more robust? It's certainly given me an advantage.

Is it that I am devoid of emotions or I am above it? Most art, including mine come from personal feelings. I just don't sweat the small stuff. See the big picture.

So now I'm prett


Durian shake
Marnee Thai

Order fish oil or krill oil

Modify occupy wall street game to use economy.

Find indies.

Watch some media.

Call ticket guy in the morning.

Try not to waste time. Think of economy games. Take laptop. Get some work done.

It feels so good to be on transportation writing out ideas.

Valve
Epic
2k
Insomniac
Konami
Riot
Foundation 9
Disney interactive


Edit and print resume 

Brawsome

Glorious train wreck

Play and make stuff

Think about how small joust, horse beat off, the universe are

Never overeat again, making it my only meal of the day.

Remember: live life and make stuff. Don't spend any time doing anything conventional: job search, etc.

Uprock - fucking amazing

Like the cool effect from gunbound

Play IGF games

SpaceEdge guys

Hm. I could have stayed at home and made things. It just wouldn't have been collaborative because of the lack of artists. That's the only reason to stay in a city. I need to find a like minded group of people and make things.

Perhaps SF is too businessy. Check gamedevmap. Indie game meetup? Make one, monthly.

Make a few simple games with processing or openframeworks

Hokra, pole riders, uprock

The actions of the player reaps resources. Different actions for different resources. Gestures. Timed/combo buttons.

IPhone, iPad, gestures
Fingle
Girp

Webo
Idle games
Adult swim games

Lexcavator
Bit pilot

Think about what the best input device would be. Tablet? Motion capture? Pedals?

Network with SF indies.

Go for only the most innovative and ambitious ideas.

Then show game off at indie venues for more inspiration.

Adjust new york yelp ratings

Order eBay iPhone protector.

A comic book made for iPad/iPhone format.

For ideas, just whip out a composition book and a theme, then paper prototype

Find indie developers in SF. Collaborate.
Fin indie filmmakers in SF. Collaborate.
*****Work and play nonstop everyday
Get a part time job
If I don't do well, I have to go home and continue. But before I go home I must make a solid group of friends.

Jon blow reboot, all speeches
Sword and sorcery

Twitter golf
Laser Pointer game

Football in hd on screen is simply a game.

Ikea design, shanghai old people find love?

Black mirror motion controller episode. S1e2

Working at EA. writing a storybook for daughter.

Fine art vs commercial art.

Think about what the world wants most.

Collaborate. Discipline barrier. Personality barrier.

Jenova Chen

8 hour work. 2 hour media. 1 hour todo.

Aim for something universal. Miyazaki. Tree of Life.

Find a cheaper apartment.

Cafe Hana 

Kissako tea

Remember to go out and have fun once in a while, it's SF. Its easier to socialize.

SF has a small town feel. The CAAM worker recognized me after a year.

Much more participation and fun.

The girls. The variety of taste. The colors.

Even if many are young professionals, theyre all not terrible.

Design methodology. Start with game concept. Start with an emotion or feeling. Start with a question.

SOPA simulator plugin for chrome

Asian salesman game

Can get better news from twitter than the newspaper because it is personalized.

1. EGP economy.
2. Portal shooter game. Simple but competitive like hokra.

Ask friends instead if hiring actors.

Ride buses and go to events to brainstorm.

Only watch Cannes films and play IGF games.

A sons sacrifice.

Kashmir is beautiful.

Print a manifesto to live by.

Wang Fu

Can use friends at home to make films.

Karen Shin films. The Motel.

Bollywood parody, like black dynamite.

After going to the present/future talk, I confirm that I do not care for publishing or my audience. I just want to make the things I'm interests in and move on. That is why I had to leave Babycastles.

Uvex sportster

Quirky comedy

Small DOF shots can be taken anywhere.

Game ideas blog

Donate to Paul's hats.

Thai soup on Noriega. And that Hawaiin place.

add to game development manifesto:
All game mechanics should be associated to a feeling.

In life, there are many distractions. Things to do for the family, for the car, for money. Many things that influence ones actions. To achieve pure art, one must isolate themselves. To allow the mind to wander freely, without constraint.

Have static game. Must interact to progress.

Good luck dim sum > tc pastry

Wikipedia app

Enemy cloning device

Flashpunk, variable to adjust game time (or everything else), leave a trail of the path of workers

Low level graphics. Play with settings.

Quayola, strata #4

Background should be a picture

play with visual in processing and open frameworks until I find something I like.

Play with sounds until I find something I like.

Really just have to do it. Like a child. Make noises. Play.

Play with things until your taste finds something you like and explore that more, turn it into a product so that the world can see what you see. A telescope from an explorer.

It helps to close your eyes to visually see a design, and explore it.

Create a music video with a creative framework.

It really does help to focus on a single idea and keep working on it. So much comes from constraint.

Dj for creators project?


Forward keys to Samip.

Orpheus

Scott snibbe and max Wiesel

Pinball/music construction set

Box

Oscar, filmmaker, animation


Used to create tree of life art

He tries to find a way to make his interactive art accessible. Tools to break the barrier for a mainstream audience.

Biophilia

Drew berry

Music nirvana. Play by feeling without thinking about how.

The reason I fall asleep to dpcumentaries is because the dialogue is often more important than the narrative. When I watch a movie, I am paying attention to the video, trying to figure out what is going on, what the characters are feeling, or just along the ride.

Documentaries are more of a 1:1 communication. I am being told an idea, without given time to think.

Night fishing was amazing. Proof that the camera does not matter. So much can be done in editing and proper shooting.

Factory Fifteen, showed use of visual art in the film medium. So if there is some kind of cool visual art, try to make it into a more consumable medium, such as film or video game.

The point in which a person is not thinking creatively and only consuming is the persons downfall.

Still, i need to learn how to do both.

3d process 16

Exercise to get warmer instead of eating again when blood sugar is high.

Zoom in to see the workers. Zoom out to see a beautiful design of workers fetching resources.

The whole world is green.

wii head tracking

Siren song

Take closer shots with photos.

Settlers, ai does most of the work, just need to sway the direction of what to do. Gather, build, attack?

jelly donut gives extra

In traditional art, artists often create sets of products that are variations of an idea. This repetition shows the aude

Fight audio exam cost

Draw.

Mouse click to interact

Options for new buildings appear as resources allow. An icon for each building.

Console to describe current action?

Wake up, get out of the house, and stay out as long as I can.

A game that is multiplayer offers motivation because you can watch players play it.

4 player minimalist rts, like hokra, but positioning units is even more important. 3 kinds of units? Equal on both sides.

Use XNA!

Button to select unit type, analog to move

Both analogs to move seperate units

Feel good the day after watching a film at night

Buy underclothing to control body warmth.

Sid the science kid

Google tv

A game at the pace of a well-paced movie

Novel idea -> make it -> add emotion -> polish it

Try to let the player go through certain feelings.

Four star red balloon?

South bay game jams

Sublime text

Press button to jump. Character runs around objects.

Bean's games are technically simple but emotionally work

Multiplayer, different worlds interact

Take a break. Think on a high level. One project at a time.

Explore north beach, Chinatown, russian hill, nob hill.

Reading Calvino is like reading poetry.

Do more physical experiments

Strong emotional associations with objects or people can make it difficult to act rationally around them.

Our emotional responses are very sensitive to the reaction of others.

New goals. 1. Finish a game. 2. Experiment - cake is a lie, play with physics, ameba, boids, see where it goes. 

Cake is a lie. Make puzzles for level design. Try to provoke certain behaviors.

Terrifying graphic game on iPad in which the player is afraid of touching the iPad. Have to rub a clitoris, etc.

Series of increasingly terrifying event that require interaction.

1. Check bank balance
2. Find apartment?
3. Finish and release games

Need direction, projects


Size of media matters. Big screens. Planetarium. Art at d-structure.

I think it's the open space of libraries that helps me stay focused. Or that it's just not what I consider to be home. Or that it's in  public.

Taking a shower could be a good way to get warm, if exercise does not work.

Pong for iPad thoughts before sleeping. Ball increases velocity for each paddle it hits. Or could make it like volleyball, only the last hit is fast. Velocity retains for the player after a round? Could be four player! Like ice hockey? Eh, stick to drawing.

Check github for game library function classes for any framework. Also search for game examples.

After Atari contest, complete flash games and send to FGL.

1. Rollem Gollem
2. Poorly Designed Upgrades
3. New game. Steal animations?

Most films rely on a story with humans or beings with human characteristics. Is it possible to make a film that expresses just as much emotions without people

Music videos?

When you're not feeling great and excercise does not help, unmotivated to work, watch a movie or read Calvino or poetry.

Try writing similar to Calvino.

Join scary cow after pong game? Try for a month. Have a contest and idea before joining.

MMTB event. $10 and potluck, make a film.

Renaissance SF

Traditional mediums don't excite me as much as new mediums.

I am an independent game developer. That is what I want to do. That is what I will do. Even if it means I have to take a loan.

Although it would be great to be back in the scene in New York, it is not needed.

Finish games. Keep creating.

It's so easy to determine the quality of art now. These free comics are all worthless because they do not push the medium in any way. It's just hero stories.

Pride of Baghdad

Keep it simple but do it well. Colin. Jon. Zack. Spryfox. It's the only way for an individual.

Have one main project at a time.

I go through phases of interest/motivated and lack of interest.

When im interested I work all day and go to every event. During this time its easier for me to lose sight. I'll work endlessly on a project that ends up having mediocre design.

When I'm disinterested I don't think much, my mind isn't racing with new ideas. I just work at a casual pace. Much slower, not tracking time. More focused on a single project.

Which behavior is better?
Need to be interested yet be composed enough to complete well designed projects.m

Need side projects to keep me interested. To form new ideas. Babycastles.

Don't waste time by getting a full time job. It has to be with people I admire. A better use of time is to simply work independently from home.

Ideally independently working in NY and helping Babycastles out.

The weather makes a large difference. I need to either live in an area with warm climate or wear underclothing all of the time.

FAT

Release early and often, and with rap music.

Create a trailer for everything.

Eyebeam

Easy and important

What's the meaning of a shirt design?

JS3
Google Dat GUI
Bootstrap

Update website

Oddball
ATA

Facebook game jam

Sifteo, apply? Try making a game.

Armidillo

Antithesis pong

Starpause, made, pinball museum in alameda

Game don't have to be complex, it just has to be new. Think pinkies up, joust, fingle, comic book game, moon over the bay, today I die.

Games should have a social context or affect emotionally rather than use new technology or input devices.

Should think about interaction. The touching involved in fingle.

Based entirely on feeling.

Surrealism

Go outside everyday. Library, cafe, noisebridge, MADE.

Email team science.

Work on pinkies up.

The reason I began procrastinating is because i am not creating a product. Learning without practical use does not work for me. It's too directionless.

Write descriptively, like the windup girl.

The most optimal place I belong to are artist communities.

1 game / hour / art piece?

Warren

Perhaps I prefer modern media because it has to explore something new. Something that hasn't ever been done before.

Perhaps my main problem is my short attention span. Thats the reason I'm likely to wander around Google for a solution instead of just doing the work. Also the reason I'm a slow reader. I just need to catch myself, stay focused all of the time. Keep my standards high and see the big picture.

Quickly read 1 chapter per day. Time myself.

Design pinkies up some more.

Excercise tip. Don't set reps. Take a quick break and repeat until unable to do anymore.

All entertainment should be done at night, including reading books. All creativity should be done during the day, can read Calvino to help.

Read more Calvino

Get all the sunlight you can

Sid - style guide, make framework

Sleep on time. Work and design for first 10 hours?

Make a game using old technology. eBay or craigslist the parts.

I think video games could lead to animation, film effects, and experimental film. I don't want to make a traditional film.

If I made a traditional film, it would be in the vain of realist directors, in which I hire non-actors in another country in which I temporary lived in.

Remember, to be productive there must be an objective. Don't mindlessly wander about.

Work on iPad games. Release at least two.

Doodle tangle. Allow players to let go or not?

Allow. A level in which a character teleports to other side and other player would be closer to the character.

Not allow. Can try to get players fingers to cross each other.

Or can try to get players to swap characters. An assembly-like chain.

Road vs car. Able to use compass to determine rotation? Rotate, elevate, and tilt???!

Checkpoints
Tilemap to reduce image collision computation
Separate levels based on number of players.
Campaign mode for 1-11 players. Elimination mode for 1-11 players. Special modes for 2, 3, and 4 players.

a sports game in which a random point in space is chosen. For example, in a large warehouse, a point is chosen a little above a table in the back. The player must run to that point and move around.

Fastest time / distance wins.

Implementation:
Kinect sensor in the corner of the room. Input general dimensions of the room. Can the Kinect sensor detect depth?

The reason my past projects failed is because they were not ambitious enough and I did not have a teammate or community to back me up.

It's important to prototype, meaning playtest, all of the time, and then iterate.

Current thoughts about future: go home, then either to NY for the community or travel abroad.

The most important thing is having  a project to be passionate about. Then everything else, exercise, diet, social become secondary.

New cafe everyday, or even outside! Choose new area every night.

Morning protien. Greek yogurt or egg.

My mind gets stale after being in the same confined area. Perhaps cafe hopping, couch surfing, backpacking is the way to go.

Become a general designer. Go to different countries, villages. Figure out their largest problem. Create a solution.

Jenni Nelson. Think high level. Take time to think about designs. Take breaks.

Film is still a powerful medium. It can displace the viewer.

World engineer continued. It would be cool to travel, stumble upon a village with a problem, design a solution that is effective and elegant, and hope it inspires the village and whoever that passes by.

Guh. Never overeat.. If you do, work out soon after.

I'm counting programming as productivity, when productivity without design is useless.*****

Move once a month. Backpack to a new area once a month (or when I get bored). City to village to new country.

Creative programming is the ability to create any design imagined.

Get hair cutters name an yelp him.

Engineer turned designer.

Ideally build new feature, prototype, and play test immediately.

Should be a very iterative process.

Doodle tangle level designer on iPad. Tell Jon.

Change physics to beat level. Gravity, time, etc. With a simple GUI.

Maybe the GUI would be easier to use on iPad?

Maybe the game is an auto-rail game to add charscter, narrative, and time? The character can stop for puzzles. Keep moving for timed puzzles.

I think I'm getting better at figuring out what my body wants to do: design, work, socialize/exercise, etc.

Focus on pinkies up, but still design and prototype other ideas.

German expressionist

Random art books
Travis louie's curiosities

One approach to make art universally appreciated is by having a character the player/viewer can attach to.

Talk to Jon about exploring. Hiking. Going to cafes.

Maybe it was the lack of social life that left me directionless. Being around people keeps me on track.

Going out everyday is working. The times at which I am working are productive, and the times at which I am not, I am experiencing new things. Keep it up!

Ask to port Roadeo.

Although interaction is the core of a game, sometimes the polish of design can be inspiring. (thinking about Harold)

Going out everyday does help. It's inspiring to explore, easier to work in a new area. But it doesnt have to be everyday. Can take a day off and work near home. Just be sure to alternate.

Never set an alarm. I feel great even after sleeping for 10 hours. There's a difference between oversleeping due to lack of motivation and making up for past lost sleep.

Children museum June 1

I like experimental art performances. Many bring people together to a close space and show something new, in which the audience is somehow able to appreciate all together whereas it would have seemed insignificant experiencing alone.

There's a difference between hipster and a great person (usually considered an artist). Great people are humble, unassuming.

Vimeo jk47

The list

The use if computer vision (or just post-processing) could be a way to bypass the amount I work required for animated film. Or be a way a tech artist.

Have an ambitious vision that you feel for, and go for it.

The cold weather affects me too. Feel like eating and doing mindless work instead of designing.

Savory food when cold, sweet food when warm.

Aim for critical reception, not profit.

In order for a game to catch popularity, must it be polished? Joust is not. Maybe marketing is required. Would pinkies up become popular if it did not have a nice aesthetic?

Take time to think about a game fully before starting. Unless its a 1-7 day prototype?

A game must be multiplayer.

Spend a quarter of the time designing. Design before implementation.

My largest problem is that I don't design or think before working.

Game development, ask multi iPad.

Keep going out. Don't stop. Like Kunal and Gina.

Email Jon versus mode design.

Everything should interact visually and sonically.

Trash economy game blog. Save to art folder.

Investing in myself right now is a great one, far better than college.

Reading code takes longer than writing code. But it's nice to read well written code.

I think it's possible to get to a point in programming in which the artist can implement any design they think of.

Yelp sumo chicken steak.

A problem in implementing something large is the want of finding an easier solution which requires percievably less work.

In many business cases this works. But in innovative art and design this does not work. The best method is to create it on your own, step by step. No solution exists because it has not been done before.

With technology, people have become less careful and reduced have reduced their attention span. When a photographer with a digital camera take a shot they capture several pictures, look at the result, then determine if it is good. Before, photographers had only one chance, limited film, and could not see the result.

Same with programming. Programmers write a small amount of code, compile and check for errors. Whereas before, programmers could'nt check because compiling takes hours.

Red Sorghum
5 broken cameras
Beasts of a southern wild

Watch more Koreeda. And great films that move you. Don't waste time on lesser media.

Make things that will be appreciated universally. Make it as of a child were to see it. Broad in scope.

=)

Maybe the reason films affect me so much is because they transport the viewer to a new place. Which can feel like exploring.

Maybe the reason I can run all night is because I am thinking at a slower pace than during the day.

Important things: body, creations, experience, family, friends.

Non dairy creamer milk tea.

Periods in life:

External interests. Go out everyday to a new area.

Internal interests. Want to do productive work and imagine designs.

Make at home:
Burmese tea
Thai starter soup

Should just make stuff jam style everyday. One project per day. A comic, poem, video, music piece, anything.

When living in the suburb, people strive for efficiency and comfort, but actually end up striving for laziness. Setting up the optimal house.

Reeds original ginger brew

UC Berkeley's campus reminds me of College Park. It's beautiful. Should make something that harks the feeling of youth and nature. Tree of Life succeeded immensely at this. But it can be done in other mediums.

Make nature in the digital age. Mimic the feeling on digital devices.

Think of a few ideas for hackathon and try it! Use OF, unity, or monogame Thursday and Friday.

Toblerone app. Replaces triangles in images with toblerones. Scans your own photos. Also real time while taking photo.

What if each device played different music? Just a few ambient sounds.

Harolds parts should continue to the next screen.

Harold and Maude? Boy and girl. Maude has a flower on her head?

Sounds. After success. After failure. After winning and losing. During countdown. 

The reason I had good thoughts in the shower or before sleeping is because they were the only times I wasnt busy. You have to allocate time to just wonder in thought, design, write, visual design.

Order more Calvino.

Spend days designing and reading Calvino. Spend nights programming and consuming art.

Buy a bike.

Bike to new area everyday.

Enter some design contests. Make posters.

A lot of futurists are writers or concept artists, because there is no way to implement their designs.

Keadtwerk albums. First album.

Ted talk robot cookie monster.

Gattaca
2001: A Space Oddysey
Metropolis (full version?)

Sangria Senorial

TODO NEXT:
Harold moves smoothly across screen
Velocity stays
Less friction?

Prepare for playtest

add sound system

Learn how to draw to better illustrate my designs. Be a polymath. Then I could create storyboards and help others understand my vision.

A game that captures the feeling of biking.

Doodle tangle operation. Scrolling level, then go backwards.

What if everyone perceives the world differently, but can still influence another's perception?

Speed draw. Speed everything. Make something once per day.

Jacob animal thing. Ask on Facebook.

Parents try to create an environment for children to live in in which they do not worry about money. They don't force financial responsibility until high school, college, post-college, or never. They do this so that their children can think freely, in hope that they figure themselves out and find a path which befits their nature.

Phil said he lives in SF, despite working in San Bruno because he 

Bus window that pixelated everything?

Im currently thinking slowly because I do not have a deadline.

Even employees of Google, touted for its work environment is, still get the feeling they are just a cog.

Google's headquarters has a boring exterior. No different from any suburb office park. Why work in a remote area when you can work in a city? Why build such an area?

People in the suburbs worry about silly things.

I'm abusing  travel as a way to stay active.

80% of train fatalities are caused by impatience. 18% by accident. 2% by suicide. That's a good statistic to measure people's priorities, and how society transformed them (their priorities).

Maybe I feel like creating films during my down times. During these times I make observations of my past an contemplate my future.

Set a deadline for rotation, horse, pinkies up, and a film.

Fix 1247 -> 1274

United or kopico coffee candy

Ask to test game wherever flip cup is expected to play.

By now, I'm sure it's natural for me to wake up between 10-2. I slept through school. I came in to work as late as possible. While unemployed, I woke up between 10-2, even during my peak inspiration moments. After waking up, I can think clearly enough I design for about 6 hours and productive for 10-16 hours depending on inspiration/excitement.

Coloring book application. More about choosing colors and using paint bucket then simply drawing. Easy color chooser, drag touch on color picker to choose color. Highlight areas and change color in real time. 

Cool effect, the paint bucket fills the area outward in a blobby paint way.

The reason why I am silent during family events is because my values greatly differ. As they converse about sports, plan the next event, notice baby physical features, debate what to eat, debate what to do next, I cannot relate. I don't value meaningless conversation. I'd rather talk about something deeper.

My friends are closer than most of my family members because their values are close to mine.

If there is a fruit I don't like, make a smoothie out of it!

Time flies while I'm at home. I think at a fraction of the normal speed. I'm not excited, nor am I bored. I am productive, but uncreative. A good time to catch up on media, work on some projects, think long-term. Gladly I have a few designs to implement.

Read in the morning. Design after. Then begin work.

After watching Enter the Void, I am reminded of Zack's ambition. Be as ambitious as possible. Make something huge.

Write rap / poetry

Draw hexagons. Is point in poly.

If a person holds no ambitions in this world, he suffers unknowingly. If a person holds ambitions he suffers knowingly, but very slowly.

For such a recluse and introvert, this passion for closeness seems odd.

Trailers from enter the void:
Map of the sounds of Tokyo
Unmade Beds

Does ambition and excitement exist in everyone? Is it simply constrained? Or do personalities exist without such ambition?

Only when I am home I think of the past. Away from home I think of the present.

In the past, I separated my relations into groups. Family, family friends (Indians), neighborhood friends, school friends, college friends. I was embarrassed to show one group or individual to another. I think because the groups had different group mentalities. For example

Film by BUF companie and (?)

Reading about a world with no tie reminds me of the impact of images. Should watch that imagery-heavy film again, or another by that director.

For it is only habit and memory that dulls the physical passion.

Pixar short had no language, was accessible.

As being at home diminishes my excitement in life, I learn who I am in the perception of normal people.

Going out everyday is important to me. That's a sign of excitement.

I don't feel like working because I am not excited. Buy a bike. Enter contests. Participate in events. Design and create new stuff.

Sports simulation drafting with money is a form of gambling. Hearing guys talk about it remind me of how old people gamble in a Edo period film.

Time velocity increases.

While deciding what my next move is, I nearly conclude my decision is based on what excites me the most. Traveling around the world is more exciting than living in NY (and working with great artists).

An important thing to remember while traveling is to keep creating. Anything, just keep making stuff.


Overeating, oversleeping, don't feel like working, force self to work at night. Get out ASAP. Go to libraries everyday. Yelp a cafe afterwards. Work at Shila's.

Talk to parents about their past.

Think out trip. Buy ticket ASAP.

To get out of a depression, do something new. Try a new hobby--cook, knit, farm, something! Bu those are recreational, not art. In order for me to create art--film, music, I need to already be motivated. Hmmmm. Need to see the beauty of home. Libraries don't work like SF because I'm not interested in exploring Hampton roads. I need to I out further.

s&s inspired by Shigeru Miyamoto, Jordan Mechner, Eric Chahi, Fumito Ueda

The red book by Carl Jung

GarageBand, logic studio, food

Sword and Sworcery took over a year to make, with a core team of around 7.

Craigslist film and video and game and art

Make videos. Get workflow down. Get editing down. Get audio and lighting down. Get camera handling down. :)

Yes. This is direction.

Buy ticket to Japan. Plan cities. End in India. Come back to New York.

Google art organizations in cinema, interaction, and games.

And that's how I got out of depression. Thinking, planning,  and doing things I love. Make films.

Some people can take on many different trades--cooking, painting,  medicine, etc. I can only do what I am interested in at that point in time. Game, then film.

Music video.

Other artist cities? Other than Tokyo.

Hong Kong.

Macau. Jakarta. Sao Paulo. Bangalore. Paris.

Maybe I'm more interested in cities because they are created by humans.

The experiences I gain while traveling are very meaningful to me. So are the experiences of creating.

It's wild how different the perspective of a city can change between living in it and out of it.

Maybe I do have a work hard play hard mentality, except my play is exploring.

Film has the power to transport the viewer to a microscopic area.

Maybe I require daily exploration to keep me in a great state of mind.

In the suburbs people think about how to be entertained with a group of people, usually family.

If I have a job in a field I am not interested in, my personality treats the job as the highest priority, learning everything, trying to do the best. After the learning and creating something once, I become bored. The solution is to work in art.

Fix sleeping problem? Take melatonin? See wiki for late circadian cycle.

Dim light help!

I forgot about my sleeping problem.

Dance can be a great part of acting.

The artists personality: experience new things and create new experiences.

I need people to create things with.

Perhaps daydreaming is what the mind does when it is not occupied, not motivated.

Productivity is associated to uncomfortableness

And so within a month I transformed from a creator to a consumer.

Dont keep track of time when you don't have a current project.

I don't enjoy day care because it is like parenting 15 kids. I'd rather let the kid do what they want to and guide them along if I notice something wrong. I think I'd enjoy teaching a class, as there is a goal.

Although John and Cindy live an amazing and simple life, I wonder I'd they were/are able to take on ambitious ideas. Maybe they did, retired, and opened a day care. Or maybe they didn't and they lived simply forever.

I think the best kind of day job for me is of a skilled laborer type. One that requires skill, responsibility, and so I can increase my skill. Doyle's jobs were oil driller, cow herder, and doctor of Chinese medicine.

Current plan: travel Taiwan, try finding art/skill jobs, internships in Taiwan and all of East Asia. Move to Hong Hong and try again. If fail, go to India.

1. Research new media and film production studios in east asia. Check websites for positions. Ask for internship or volunteer.

Zuni icosahedron, babycastles, and similar.

2. If no reply, go to India make game vs Hong Kong living, like US. Game jams, film, music, experimental.

In order for me to think creatively about games or film, I must be surrounded by it. Making and experiencing them. Need to watch a movie or play/read about game often.

Army rock.

It's not worth my time working for money.

Edward Yang studied abroad, worked abroad in a technical/skilled field, went home to Taiwan as a houseman, wrote two screenplays, won 1st and 2nd, and proceeded to make great films.

Less than .5% of people are full time artists. Most work (full or part time). Thats the goal. Work on pure art and work with other pure artists.

Rosie shih
————————————————————————————————————————————————

Search for experimental art groups in Asia. That's all I need. A group of great people to make cool things with, without the worry of money. Babycastles was perfect, except for the fact that I had to pay rent.

To be paid as an artist, whether by grant or organization is one way. Another is to create somewhat commercial games.

1. Search experimental groups and film productions studios.
2. Go to India
  - make games
  - make films
    - like Carlos reygaldas or dogma 65

After watching part of the film about a contagious disease:
There's no point in content-based films. It does nothing new. You must push the medium. Write a screenplay, play with video, Wong kar wai screenplay.

Teaching a skill in a limited amount of time is more interesting to me than looking over day care.

At first I thought normal schools are a mediocre use of time for kids, but it's a fine human solution.

Kids need a combination of lessons (school) and play (free time at home). It is up to the day care attendant or parent to make sure the kid keeps exploring, learning, being self-motivated, avoiding repetition. To accomplish this, the carer must create new activities for the kids, engage in useful conversation, make them think differently.

There is a small point in learning a skill without practical use, the process of learning is an experience in which many thoughts ...

For some reason, kids don't provoke creativity within me. It seems I require time alone; to think, to experience personalized media, to create.

If I become like Dad, does that make me a bad father? He worked for me, but does he work for other personalities? Don't other personalities require more guidance?

I almost feel that the kids are given too much guidance in DADA school. One on one help is a great asset, but it needs to be balanced.

Ching, Michelle, and John live a simple life. Health, nature, people, teaching are prioritized. In contrast, I like to have a project as my primary duty and don't think about living. Their way of life makes sense. My way only leads to working and starving.

Real life pole riders. Other real life games.

Need to learn Mandarin asap, so that I can listen.

This is not a time for teaching or traveling. Only art. And maybe high positions to earn money to spend time on art.

I think the problem with me being a day care overseer is that I treat it as an job, trying to extract or input the most value when all I need to do is relax and watch.

Another problem is that I am unable to think creatively when I am with others and/or doing an uncreative job. I only think creatively with other artists in art spaces.

Bad diet and sleep. Not motivated to wake up. No current projects.

Common Chinese to English mistakes. Practice sounds.

Devise a way to make teaching english fun.

In order to make help exchange a valuable experience, it has to be my highest priority at that time.

Research and design games for young children and all ages.

Scrabble with definition.

To self improvement: cook large meals with groceries from supermarket and eat leftovers rather than eating out or small meals.

Learn Japanese, Korean, Gujarati, Hindi alphabets. Use iPhone to translate sounds to word. Use OCR in China for written language. Learn basic Mandarin, Japanese, Korean, Hindi, and advanced Gujarati.

Taiwan is the San Francisco of Asia. The anthropology is similar: overall, the people are friendly, relaxed, open-minded and happy.

Although planning my direction is important, I need to put all effort into the current moment in time.

current goals:
Learn languages
See each country
Seek art, especially new media and contemporary
Seek job in film, game, music, journalism, etc.
Do one outdoors thing
Write articles on my blog

Travel:
Instead of traveling try learning a new skill. Like spinning a top, dancing, martial arts, massage, etc.

Avoid museums, heritage sites, historic areas (often touristy). Eat nearby.

Live simply (cook food, don't buy much) on the edge of a city -- Tokyo, Seoul, Hong Kong, Taipei, Paris, etc. Only go out for events and exercise/breaks, like I did in New York and San Francisco.

Overate. Bad times. Possibly due to overworking during the weekdays and going out on the weekends. Need to balance daily schedule.

Sleep when you feel sleepy. Wake up refreshed.

Play, experiment. It's how art is found.

Because its hot and humid, I lose sleep and I don't feel like exercising. Because of my diet, I can't burn off the carbs.

You have to have something to look forward to.

Digital Museum
National art museum in taichong

Getting too comfortable at DADA school. Need to move on. Get back in direction. Make stuff.

The only thing that matters in regards to work are works that push the medium.

There are few people in the world that have time to do the things they want. No. There are few people in the world that make time to do the things they want.

Go to US and work for $20,000. Move to India, or another cheap country. Live simply. Make stuff all day.

Use steam pot / rice cooker to cook everything.

Teach a kid something and they won't forget. And they're less likely to forget you.

The current problem is that the school is too comfortable. I've become lazy. I need to create more work for myself at the school, or leave.

Travel slow via work exchange vs travel fast via hostel and couch surfing?

People pay for college to either learn a technical skill or to get a higher paying job. To pay a college for art or any non technical skill seems silly. It's like paying extra money for time away from work.

I think the most important time of life is when one doesn't have work  or school.

This reinforces my live at home or a cheap country and work at high paying job or contract theory.

Picture vocabulary book.

Worrying about money is stupid. It's so easy to live simply.

XOR - process of death

Adding life, humans make art more relatable; even for me.

Should create film within digital art installations. Especially with kids. Live theater too.

Kinokuniya

Buy phrase books for each country.

Strawberry helper.

Sunday. The only day I can think correctly. Is my body condition off. Is it the delayed sleeping disorder?

Practice reading out loud. Pinyin for Chinese. Hirigana for Japanese.

I wonder if its worth teaching kids English. If they want to live in an English speaking country or want to read something written in English, then they will learn.

The ideal teaching is play and guidance. Play allows kids to explore and experiment. Guidance is needed because they may not know what or how to accomplish the next step without adult knowledge.

After some time at the school, I became complacent. I'm not as active as a teacher as I could/should be. I now only do enough work to get by, without thinking of new activities. Instead I've focused on learning reading Japanese.

Current goals: live in each country for a short period of time doing meaningful work. Learn about cultural differences and gain a higher scope of the world. Learn languages.

Other goals:
Sneak into film and digital art in Hong Kong, Korea, or Japan. Work exchange or volunteer for an art space. Couchsurf artists. Work with local artists.

Philippines:
Outdoor activities: Scuba dive, snorkel, rice fields, animals. Or volunteer and do these on the weekend? Don't spend much time here! Try to go to India by February.

October Taiwan, Philippines, Hong Kong
November Hong Kong
December Korea
January Japan
February Cambodia? India?

How do you create while traveling? Traveling is consumption.

Get better with kids.
Be creative with other people around.

I don't have to travel far to see new things. Just the neighborhood is enough. Looking at the details.

Don't need to be in a artist talent city in order to make something. Need to gather a group of people and live in a cheap country.

Spot theater near MOCA

The contemporary art of Taiwan isn't nearly as interesting to me ad US, because it is not within my specific interests and I am not currently creating anything.

Search art volunteer / work exchange in Hong Kong, South Korea, Japan. Work exchange for food and stay; art afterwards.

runonema@hotmail.com

Learn to cook beef, lamb, and chicken soup.

[Japanese language practice]

Perhaps some Japanese verb conjugation rules.


Listening
Speaking
Reading
Writing
Vocabulary
Grammar

Kind of in order, but can do all at once by starting with simple phrases and sentences, like Rosetta Stone.

The best way to learn a language is to either find a job that requires it or live in a country that solely speaks it. The rate of learning elsewhere is not worth it. It takes a little work from the speaker.

iPad

Contemporary art
Taipei university
Taipei language institute

Traditional art is boring. Contemporary art is vast, unexplored. It's much more fun exploring new mediums.

Ilea decided to change from a physics major to a doctor in medicine because she wouldn't fit as a researcher, she likes to be near people. I'm the opposite, but I still I think I could sill be a doctor, just not a nurse.

I feel that if I am not creating something, I am not doing anything. I even judge others on their work.

Verb Le
Bu verb - no le

Need learn to be comfortable enough in any environment to be creative.

Need to learn to live with others.

Language: just talk. Ask kids questions. Ask them to speak slowly and teach you.

Shufu
Mafan

I have to learn to seize the moment when I am not able to do the things I want (make games/films)

Shimashita

De - grammar particle used to at the end of verbs to express possibility or capability

Wu - ooo

Can't give kids answers. Need to use interaction to force critical thinking to extract answers.

Read children's stories in pinyin with Chinese characters! Just keep reading.

Echineselearning

Mail books to India or to US.

iu = yu
Stop after each grammar part (subject, object, predicate)

J vs zh, close teeth for zh. Jee vs jee with close teeth sounds like jir, different sound.

Work most of the time and take an outdoor trip when you need a break. Invite friends and family. Take notepad. But it's rare I ever want to take a break. Cook for friends and family once a week.

The best day in Taiwan:
Run to Train with Tomo, meet with Mandy, practice momotarou, meet with Stacey and Rita, eat at Chunghua, see and eat at historic district near Chunghua, see a temple, see a shell temple, see the beach in which you can catch oysters, celebrated the Moon Festival with Stacey's family, cooked meat, shoot fireworks under a highway, scooter to a shopping mall / grocery store, take a hot shower, repair Tomo's shoes, sleep. No mosquito bites.

Why was this the best? Because everything I did was new to me? Because i didn't plan anything?
 
Should use Chinese characters in games and film.

Taiwanese people are self-sufficient. Individually and as a country. They are also well rounded. They appreciate art, nature, family, and foreigners.

Remember to use music and films to sooth me.

Should live in a remote self sufficient area, like Jon, in a mountain or similarly cool area.

No more research heavy traveling. Just go. Couchsurf. Talk to people. Help them. Inspire them. Join them and their family and friends. Live their life.

Current plans on trip:
Couchsurf Taiwan and travel around. Couchsurf Philippines, if not use hostel. Help either volunteering at water sport area or sustainable development. Couchsurf Hong Kong, simple home stay, research and see art. Film or game position. Production studio. Contemporary art volunteer. Join a project. Media companies. If I fail to find something, go to Korea, Japan, India. Especially couchsurf in all countries to understand how locals live. Make short film about each person. Think about short films! Make with iPhone and Mac.

Ask to someone if I can follow then for two days to record a single day of their life. Edit it down to a short film. Create a series.*****

Think of scenes during first day. Buy iPhone gear, mic, etc. Send stuff home.

Start with Taiwan!

Can live in cheap countries such as Thailand, Malaysia, Cambodia? (need to check visa).

There's something new to see and do everyday. There's no need to go far out. You just have to be in the right state of mind. Explore your own country. Explore the area around you.

Try filming with iPhone? Or buy video camera in Taipei. 16 hour recording. Small. Inexpensive. Upgradable.

Make as many films as possible!

Film work and home life. If possible weekend/festival/celebration. Job should be interesting to watch. Ask person questions. Need translator.

Craigslist gh2

Facebook Stacey, Rico, and shinghei, Rico an Stacey's mom

Night market worker

Couchsurf filmmakers, artists, workaway and ask for day off to film.

If design prize, faucet

Kt 70 facts about Japanese

Agenda: check rash, add couchsurfing friends, check Facebook

Living on my schedule makes an unimaginable difference.

Couchsurf to meet people. No traveling, or just for a few hours. Sleep well. Ask couchsurfers if I can follow them for a day. Later, ask if I can film them.

To cooking: dòujiāng and dànbîng.

Sleep with curtains closed. Or with peripheral sunlight.

Yannick dauby solo exhibition at Digital Art Center

When practicing language, read out loud.

Backup phone!!

Although Jason isn't the brightest or bravest, hes taken time out to take me out. He fears many things, maybe that's why he hadn't done much.

608

Taiwanese people are overall happy and well balanced people. They are somehow able to work long hours yet spend their free time with their family and friends. The problem is that they lack ambition. They need to learn to sacrifice things and be more selfish.

I'd like to walk around the world alone. Without people, I would be creative all of the time.

CouchSurfing is like public transportation, you are moving, but you don't have to think about it, allowing time to think freely.

Time to think freely. That's all I need.

Taiwanese people have also conquered shame. Tai chi or dancing in the park. Telling others that they are fat. Burping and farting. I need to learn.

Instead of touring, live through other people via couchsurfing, or join normal local activities such as go, mahjong, spinning tops, fishing, oyster digging, etc.

Mail crap to India and home. Use iPad for language learning vs buy Chinese books. Preload pages? Install all iPhone apps on it.

Audio language learning? Ask Ivar. Google it, download it.

No more traveling. Must learn.

For now I am learning to spending time with people. For on the go learning, learn languages.

Japanese app?

Wiki Chinese pinyin wiki

Lips wide, tounge bottom of teeth, and strongly aspirated for x (she) and q (chee).

R, curl tongue up

C, ts, strongly aspirated

Y, rounded lips

Echinese learning

Make something and people all around the world can see it.

Pronunciation audio for each sound*****

http://www.taiwanese-secrets.com/guanziling.html

My optimal travels: live in a new area. Explore locally when I need a break or inspiration. Like exploring nearby neighborhoods. Just wander around for exercise.

Learn to relax. Learn to take on large projects.

When I go home. Spend time with family and friends once a week via cooking/dinner/picnic/local area activity such as fishing, crabbing, biking, hiking.

http://m.cnngo.com/explorations/eat/40-taiwanese-food-296093?page=0,3

Swimming shorts! Ask Jason to mail to Taipei via 7-11.

Take public transportation during day to see stuff!

mei, negative prefix for verbs, not, have not

De, suffix for present tense of verbs

Ba, suffix to nominalize nouns

Just keep reading and listening.

0986607599

Save pages to iPad.

Change keychain pass.

Best way to learn language: read stories, listen to audio, increase difficulty.

Just go. Figure out specifics when you get there. Work while traveling.

Get out early. Wander around. Take iPad and iPhone and learning material.

Need bike, scooter, or frequent public transportation to freely wander and see without planning.

Scooter around Taiwan, or anywhere -- India, Hong, America.

I really just need a place to live so I can work, or learn to work while couchsurfing. Find a cheap place in the Philippines!

The best way to travel is to have no limits. No time limit. No destination. No direction. Just live, follow interests, wake up early and excited everyday.

I can always take backpacking trips in India. Or countries nearby.

Living in an undeveloped area feels better. There isn't much to distract ones creativity. You can relax, go at your own pace.

The cities, cheap and new food took over my mind. The east coast calmed it. How did I live in cities? I got over the initial newness in the first month.

Stay on east coast. Explore during day. Practice language. Computer at night. Research/plan future. Stay calm.

Travel calmly. Live calmly.

Jobsdb

Money and time still pushes me.

Moving from project to project makes more sense than moving through countries.

Don't splurge on food. You can eat new and cheap. Eggs or fish for protein. Try new vegetables!

Need time to think. This way of life is unbalanced. The only way to travel is slowly, akin to the pace of living simply.

Not enough time to take everything in. I have to take pictures, look at them at a later time, then think.

The problem is that I chose to travel around Taiwan, instead of working.

Ideal way to travel: bike/backpack through a large country, or continent. South America, Europe, Asia. Sleep anywhere. Meet people. Help out. Move on when you've exhausted the area.

Make a video of it? Need a portable art medium.

Many Miyazaki films involve exploring and making new friends. The characters take road trips with a particular goal, but no known path to success.

Thoughts after scooter to Reshui:
The best way to travel is to choose a destination, but no path. Take a bike and a small backpack. Stop when you are interested or hungry.

Eating the doufu soup at the end of the day was very satisfying. Food tastes best at dinner time or when you are starving.

In order to travel long term, one must have work or art that can be done on the way. Currently, all Ive done is write down thoughts, and I missed many.

Riding a scooter all day felt like riding a bike all day as a kid. Exploring new areas.

The trip around Taiwan didn't make sense until I rode the scooter. I should have left my belongings in Zhongli and rented a scooter. That would have been an amazing experience. Little to no time spent planning, following plans, and worrying.

I've lived both extremes: directional and directionless.

I get the feeling of huge confidence after watching a movie or exploring all day.

What to do in Hong Kong? Production mode vs find people/job? Can I make films while doing a very easy work exchange? Can I also find film studio jobs? Choose one or balance both? Looking for a job feels like a waste of time because no real work is being done, but working at the wrong job is an even bigger waste of time. Do both. Research/volunteer in the Philippines. Live simply. Make film. Find indie directors. Ask for housing and food. Email media companies. But don't spend all day researching. Make film, learn languages, socialize with Filipino artists. Borrow or rent a scooter. No goals for travel. Just one day for scuba diving... Or go to India and begin producing. Basically just need a place to stay so I can produce without spending time or thought into housing or food.

One can only relax after hard work is done. I don't understand how people leisurely travel for longer than a day.

Need to make time after each day to write down thoughts.

Delete blog, create wiki for self as a guide. A step above notes. Still can write articles.

Any time one needs a break, take a bike and a backpack and leave early. Go to the nearest unexplored area.

Taiwanese people are so self sufficient that they forget the big picture.

It doesn't matter where you travel, everyone and everything is beautiful, and you will always learn.

Motorcycle damage. Sometimes I get too excited about adventure and overdo it.

Luye paraglide
Lanyu
Jiufen
Scooter or bike along coast

I'd rather sit and watch others than to move to see something in particular.

Touch of the light
A city of sadness
GF BF
Theidouros Angeloporous

Aboriginal Taiwan music

Streetvoice

Learn mpv system? Only used in Taiwan. What does Hong Kong use?

Stay in Taiwan, a country I love or continue to Hong Kong? It shouldn't matter where I live. I can work anywhere. The problem is balancing money, art, and social life.

Somewhere I Travelled began with the heart of a stereotypical family. It showed scenes of normal life; correct framing can make anything  beautiful. The film became too slow and meandered without meaning, like watching nothing. The beginning parts were repeated at the end, but they were unnecessary. The scenes became more focused on the people, caring less about the cinematography.

Creating a normal film is not of my interest. It has to capture the viewer through art or natural interest. Watching the motions of an person at a certain moment.

Choice to do next: begin personal work immediately in India, find people to work with within art in Hong Kong and simultaneously do own projects, research media companies in all countries, go to the best option depending on project/company.

Option 3! Find interesting media companies. Find independent art studios, film directors, game designers. Take on big positions with independent artists: be the assistant director, the cinematographer, co-director.

Create and talk. No more travel, Facebook, or anymore directionless stuff! Make stuff and join projects to make stuff with people.

I mostly interact with the working class. The working class supports the upper class (students and office workers) with food.

Working is human. Having a labor of love makes you different.

Tea with sugar (with or without milk) is dissatisfying for the body. It fails to quench thirst and it isn't refreshing. Drink fruit juice or milk.

In Taiwan, you can stop and eat or drink anywhere healthily. In America it's more difficult, you have I customize your meal to become healthy. There also aren't many small meals. This allows one to be very productive and healthy in Taiwan.

Change personal site to wikipedia or raw HTML. It's the content that matters, that is, writing and design.

Mail black man toothpaste to Ivar.


Little India
Singapore zoo and night safari
Baba house
Southern ridges
Colonial architecture
Off he beaten track


Singapore starts with a bad taste. Perhaps it's the people, uncaring, South Indians, Filipinos. It's as if the worst personalities came together and built a city. People work in big companies, finance, and spend it on shit. Unbalanced lives.

Or maybe I just didn't sleep well and need to see the outskirts of the city earlier during the day.

If the kind-hearted people of San Francisco created a country, it would be Taiwan.

Lee Puay Yang Sean - I believe in the therapy of silliness and a healing device.

Touching and Silliness. Touching brings out deep feelings. Silliness brings out laughter.

Photograph in series. Repetition increases impact.

The photographs at the outside in exhibition is one of the few times I greatly appreciate photographs.

Series of images build a mood, a feeling, provoking thought, making me feel worthless and directing me toward the correct path.

It's been sometime I've experienced some art.

Just go out everyday and make something. A photo series about a festival going on. A documentary about a nearby worker. A simple game.

The guy/girl ratio here is terrible. I can see the reason: girls wouldn't want to live here.

Perhaps my perspective of Singapore is flawed as Ive only experienced touristy areas during off times.

Still, I feel my expectations of Singapore were correct. It's a place to work. They don't know how to play. No art.

todo: find cheaper hostel, or research nearby cheap city to live in. Preferably one I don't have to bargain to buy things. Research East Asia art, apply, clean, nearby library, direction, stability.

0409040531

The diversity of Singapore is amazing. A mutual language is required.

Singapore is a city, just like any other. People primarily work in office jobs, finance. They overwork. Then they consume. No creativity.

Choose your next step carefully. If not, fall back to India.

Perhaps Singapore has cool events and neighborhoods outside of the center.

Maybe I should try to find a hostel away from the center of Kuala Lampur and Sigapore. In a residential area.

Download japanese app or dictionary, and Gujarati dictionary.

The slower the transportation, the better.

Blog, how I travel.

Check Lonely Planet on traveling tips in Malaysia. Do merchants rip people off?

Order camera online to Malaysia?

1. English
2. Mandarin
3. Gujarati
4. Japanese

Get inspired couchsurfing video

Move somewhere and settle ASAP, so that i can begin producing.

Try East Asia for a week or two. Then move to India.

Send decline message to giomet.

Production requires routine. Adding a small new thing everyday is enough to satisfy the desire for new things.

To become productive, one needs a place to stay, and a place to work. That's it.

Having space in a house or work makes the inhabitant feel better.

Maybe it's the consumption of tea and rice that screws up Asian's creativity.

Or maybe it's simply the lack of direction.

3799
thankyoucomebackagain33

When the most delicious food costs $1, how can you pass by? When the most beautiful scenery is nearby, how can you stop yourself from seeing it? How can you manage consumption? Everything is new, but your must retain composure. Take in only an hour of it. Slowly.

Life of a [occupation]. Show normal, good, and bad times.

Thoughts that are unwritten, undeveloped, are lost forever.

Wandering Hallways.

I didn't feel like researching my next step, so I went outside. Across the street there was a bar and gallery open.

Kuala Lumpur opens it's heart up to me.

It's diverse. Everyone enjoys in their own way, their culture. The people are beautiful. They show themselves by physical appearance, clothing, performance. Artists are beautiful. That's where I belong. That's who and what I love. Who I appreciate.

Conversely, I need to respect non-artist personalities. Their struggle. The only difference between an artist and a non-artist is fear. Fear to express themselves.

These young, contemporary artist-types ("hipsters") are not beautiful because they dress well or have money -- I bet most don't -- it's because they express themselves. They are different from the average.

Taiwan, Kuala Lumpur, New York, San Francisco. They exist everywhere and they are all beautiful. More so in diverse countries.

Seeing these young kids bravely play music, sing, and dance in front of a live audience puts me to shame. Seeing a 22 year old create an interactive table top thesis crushes my portfolio. I must finish my games.

Add Hammeer and Kim to Facebook.

Google places like the warehouse in Kuala Lumpur. Smart crowd.

Having people around, friends, coworkers, doing something similarly brave, increases confidence.

Art is my only path. Do it. Don't stop.

The world can be boring and lonely at night, but it allows one to focus.

Live alone. Far from everything. To have a better view of everything.

The people in my cheap hostel are sad. Consumers. Their lives go by without any care.

I'm now a full-fledged consumer. Today I overrate and overslept. I feel terrible. I must stop tomorrow. 12 hour work day. No less.

Without work. Without something to look foreword to, life is meaningless.

Focus on next move, don't choose the first given choice, but don't go crazy without work, do stuff all of the time! Next time I settle, don't move without a plan, without work.


When you begin to spend time on living cheaply, you begin to waste time.

workout outside

Tonight:
Call home
Try shoes
transfer drive
Download movies, check hard drive for movies
Take a break, watch a movie
Work on games, listen to music

Tomorrow:
Send drive and cables to either India or America. See which one is cheaper. Send some other stuff home too.

Go to library. Eat late lunch at underground place. Protien, vegetable, fruit.

Pay for room.

Book flight to Hong Kong? Need to have work exchange or work setup before going. Also need to google some contemporary art events.

Contact East Asian organizations, companies, artists. Tell them my intentions.

Buy video camera and wired mic?

Finish NY video. Look for a contest to enter for it.

Finish prototype for tracing game.

Finish Pinkies Up.

Make another prototype. Make a film for a contest. With iPhone?

Make video of Pinkies Up and Doodle Tangle.

Finish other prototypes.

Check contest website, choose one, create something within a week. :)

Do same for film.

When I fail to make progress, I feel terrible.

academic2002@yahoo.com

Be frugal. Think about future. Buy a business which makes steady income. Then you don't have to worry about money. Professional work for money, save money, buy business that I don't have to manage.

Like a subway near my parents house. Something simple to take care of and stable. Then I can spend 90% of my time on personal work.

Tour during day, research at night. One thing to do per day.

Compare ticket to India from Singapore and Hong Kong. Cost to Hong Kong?

Work exchange in Hong Kong (non 12 hour).

Contemporary events in Hong Kong?

Can freelance flash games from India!

find a supermarket

In order to appreciate things, you have to be active. Work all day. Then you will notice the beauty of everything. The smiles,

only an hour per day is enough to satisfy my want for new things or travel.

Work must require 100% of my brain.

Travel and film like Vincent Moon.

eChineseLearning

Terengganu
Kalantan
Penang

naeabh142@yahoo.com

still too shy, not enough movement, will require a lot of editing. Too ?

Ask Kim about occupy protest

contact temples, ask if okay to film. Google for phone number. Go to nearby places of worship an ask for owner if I can film. Tell them I am a student from America.

In order to film, it requires planning. Even for events. Have to ask if its okay to film, not ruin people's day by filming too much. Only look for certain shots and take it. No shame. Push filming to the limit, like Borat. Lie.

Need to shoot people without shame, somehow.

Just shoot whats interesting in an interesting way.

north or south?

Need more direction in shooting to  increase motivation. And to narrow down shooting.

Films need action.

A zoom lens would be nice for event shooting.

Just need a single subject, to have more control over shooting.

Tell people you are a filmmaker, because that is who you are.

post HD tomorrow. laundry tomorrow night, new area and hostel day after tomorrow. Find subjects to film. Finish the film in the same area. Post online. Then move on.

Buy mic in KL?

Film length depends. Could be 3 minutes, or it could be 30 minutes.

To reiterate, tourist stuff is boring. Backpack and film. Go to places no one ever has. No guide or book.

Don't slack. Don't talk to others. Stay in direction! I did perfectly well in NY and SF.

Focus on film (day) and job hunt (night). One week job hunt. Then buy a ticket to India.

Need to work on Pinkies Up either way.

The music in Kuala Lumpur is terrible. Maybe because they're young. Open mics. But I see no experimentation. Just singer songwriter crap.

weekend sessions, wknd, Malaysian indie music.

New York is way ahead of most countries in art because there is an audience for it? But shouldn't artists create stuff disregarding the audience? An artist can grow up anywhere and make something amazing. Later, they may come to a world class city due to similar people, funding, etc.

Go to NY. Participate in every event possible, with confidence.

Go to India. Be as prolific and artistic as you can. No social life.  Do everything on my own time.

Work at a film production company in Hong Kong. Another job. Hopefully the best one.

The entire world experiences art from America, commercial and independent. With current technology, anyone can compete. What's stopping them?

Backpack through India. Ask for independent performers. Musicians for music videos, interesting artists for short documentaries. Use iPhone first. Then GH2. Buy mics and stabilization. Long takes.

wd10jmvw-11s5xs0
12 pin
2 pin

should have bought solid state drive with FireWire external enclosure.

It is exponentially faster to receive information from the Internet compared to real life. Specific information.

The problem is poor diet and exercise. It's also being shy to work out in public. Although, I shouldn't need to work out as much if I didn't eat as much. It's the Ivar problem. Go on water diet starting tomorrow. Get back to water, protien, vegetable routine. And exercise after periods of computer work. The city pace.

Maybe I'm mistaking hunger for thirst. I was able to cope with the heat in New York. Just need an air conditioned room to work in. Stick to library and a good diet.

1. Shila
  - find her a salaried job
  - ask Dad about her situation
  - why does no one help her?
  - why haven't I helped her?
    - I wasted time helping with small things, when I could have drastically changed her life by spending the same amount of time on the larger problem.
2. Finish videos
3. Talk to Dad. Either work alone in India or find job in any city.

Taiwan would be a fantastic place to raise a family. SF is great, but it has high rent. Maybe someplace  at the end of the line?

Thinking about the past keeps me up at night. It's been a while since I've thought of home.

Facebook status update video. Tell everything, complete transparency. Make my Facebook account private to friends only?

dreamy job: traveling freelance multimedia artist.

Keep shooting film, even if you can't edit it right now.

I just need my own room, fridge, and workplace to be productive. A room to keep my stuff in and sleep. A place to work with lights, a/c, a commute, people. A fridge to contain various food for the right time. That's it.

Need to wake up earlier. Transitioning from 10am to 1pm is a huge difference. Only 4 hours of sunlight. This dark life is no good. Sleep at 3am, take melatonin at 2am.


troubleshoot life:
If you wake up in the morning feeling sad, slow. It is because you are not motivated enough to go out. The solution is to go outside as soon as possible, into the sunlight, with people, sit down at a workplace and think, and direction will come back to you.

Still aim to work at a media company. Or pickup freelance jobs myself.


make stuff alone in India, then join a company as a multimedia artist.

Need light or alarm to prevent oversleep. Set to 9 hours. Was unmotivated to wake up when I first opened my eyes.

Need to learn to work with others. Need to learn how to balance work and social life.

Couchsurf undeveloped areas. Tell them I want to film people and their culture. Single subjects. Personal. Short documentary of a person's life, or current event. Buy a lapel mic and digital audio recorder.

It has to be travel for the sake of work or inspiration, otherwise it is meaningless.

Filmmakers and tourists are the opposite. Tourists consume and experience. Filmmakers observe, on a higher level.

Pick up local gigs. Join media companies. Freelance. Do as much as you can when you live in a city. Or, make something great.

The problem with me making film is that I lose track. I lose motivation because either I am unable to implement my idea due to lack of social confidence.

Being around people who are happy makes me more confident and happy. Taiwan, Babycastles, the young artists in Kuala Lumpur. I should also be happy around friends and family at home.

Vincent Moon uses film as a means to meet people.

I've found a new direction! A new idea. I'm motivated again! Yay.

1. Penang base
2. Wake up at 10am at the latest
3. Contact people, go to contemporary events, tell them what I want to do
4. Make film
5. Repeat

Shoot as many films as possible before I go to India.

talk to people and ask to film them.

Google filmmakers
Contact Penang people
Join projects
Talk
Make stuff

Meeting subjects should be my main priority. The more film I have, the more work I have!

Penang is fantastic. Just like San Francisco. A small city, with a small town feel. Able to walk around, simple transportation via buses, relaxed feel, happy people, cafes, quality food, spacious roads, less cars, less noise, better access to outdoors, more artsy feel. I should have came here earlier.

See traditional craftsmen. Ask if I can film them. Use iPad as mic. Or buy new mic.

New hostel with water and breakfast. Personal room?

With game, I can control time. I can set my own work schedule, work more, or less. With film, time depends on others.

Ask local businesses I personally like to consult and market for them.

Cocoa Mews 123456

Films need action. I don't enjoy documentaries because they lack action. I need motion. Find subjects with motion. Create music videos with motion. Create experimental films with color, motion, and other arts.

Long scenes. Low cuts.


should film throughout the day. Ask first, set date, shoot open, customers, close.

Spend the day tomorrow looking for interesting things to film. Cover all streets of Georgetown. No specific places needed.

Take subject to walk around. Or stand outside.

Batu Ferrengi tomorrow

Kentaro kawaguchi

Travel like Iliad. Do the research, find a path, and go. But this time, take film gear.

Scooter around Penang areas.

need directional mic for versatility:
iPad adapter + directional mic
h4n + directional mic
lavalier is cheap, so buy anyways
does 3.5mm convert to XLR?
are there non battery lavaliers? Does the directional mic have a battery?

Ideally, h4n, Directional mic, lavalier. Interview with multiple lavaliers. Move around with directional mic on a boom stick. (GorillaPod)? Ask someone nearby to hold it.

Or just iPhone with directional mic!

continue shooting. Just work around using iPad. Don't stop because of audio. iPhone and iPad is enough. Try iPhone apps. Take route tomorrow

While making anything, think carefully, design things through, then create. Don't rush production for the sake of satisfaction of creating something. Creating a poor product is as meaningless as doing nothing.

Maybe there's a root, deeper meaning of documenting the vanishing artisans. What will happen when they disappear? Will Georgetown lose its flavor? Interview someone at heritage building. Interview some government official.

Document old games of Penang. Able to google them?

2. Create music videos.

3. Create experimental / art films.

Should shoot everything now and edit later. Make sure audio and video are good. Make a 20 minute documentary. Intro? Outtro? Check for related media and films. The problem is that they are going out of business. The solution? Interview art preservationist. Government.

Begin shooting next week. The shots of the artisans should show how they love their craft and how beautiful they are.

Could just use iPad to record interviews. Try iPad tomorrow. If the quality is not good enough, then buy audio gear.

Still would be nice to have for versatility.

Directional mic and camcorder. Plus lavalier. Do camcorders have multiple inputs? This is the perfect setup.

Sell GH-2 immediately.

For first documentary, solely use iPad and iPhone. Just stuff the iPad somewhere for interviews and use the iPhone for omnidirectional audio.*****

Forget audio and video, just shoot with what you have! Test filmic and dslr, but shoot with same settings.

Durian white coffee. Holy shit.


get phone numbers.
Google maps . My might have phone numbers.

Friday or Saturday, 4-6, open 9-11, 042631290

Tea Tarik?

technically, all that is needed is a good audio setup. Don't move video much. Nothing to it. Focus on overall film. What to shoot, what to ask.

Use normal camera app. Auto exposure, tap to focus while filming, autofocus if not filming.

What does double tap do?

need lava and directional, or else it will be a pain to edit.

take shots of people making stuff. (roti, tea tarik, craft, masonry) Shots of people (old generation, new generation). And shots of the city (architecture, people and architecture, old and new.

Walk door to door. Asking people I I can film and interview, until I find a sharp English speaker. Really need Chinese translator.

stay at hostels late and sleep on bus? Nah. Take bus early.

prototype, playtest, and finish local multiplayer games.

finish all projects! Use the initial idea as motivation and push through. The warehouse, Ben's Toy Museum, Temples? New York?

I need to learn to share my idea with others to build motivation.

Be more confident when asking to shoot an interviewing.

Interview people first. Direct the conversation to overall Georgetown. If the person cannot speak English well, or is not smart,  just let them talk. Don't worry. Capture their personality.

go on protein diet. Carbs only for breakfast.

Put all video into FCP and look at it. This is the equivalent of playing a game, to see what to do next.

Then design the film. What do I want? Gentrification? Generational differences?

Still find other interesting subjects to shoot. Things no one else has shot. Long shots, very short and simple. Later can experiment to make the video tell the story better. Capture a personality.

and music videos!

Try blind massage parlor again. On cintra.

016, dial

Thursday morning 10am. Art Ed.

need to sit and think about artisans film. Shoot overall doumentary of the gentrification of Georgetown versus shoot small videos of interesting thing in a highy experimental way.


ask for job at arts Ed. Or volunteer help.

The problem is that I have no self control. I need to simply sit in an air conditioned room.

Document all work to Vimeo?

Be like Andy Wallace. Create lots of things, but finish the greatest projects. Use kick starter as inspiration.

No. No more small projects. Only grand ones. Design thoroughly.

mike-spielberger@web.de

Documentaries are meant to she'd light on an important subject. Do the artisans of Georgetown matter? It'a natural for them to disappear. That's what the documentary should be about. General heritage, past, present, future, modernization.

Stay in Malaysia or just go to India now?

I need to be in control of my time when I'm with others. Working within my pace. I need to learn to vocalize this and say I have things to do, quickly. No sitting around. Keep moving.

Watch movie at night. Listen to music while working. Routine work. No mindless socializing.

Remember, you are not a traveller. You have things to do.

With a single room, I don't have to worry about security, comfort, convenience, etc. Book a single room everywhere I go.


Just make videos with people. Can be fun, experimental, sentimental, whatever. Just make sure the video works.

Confirmed. The heat makes me insane.


3. Contact contemporary Malaysian musicians. Contact traditional Malaysian musicians. Contact contemporary Thai musicians. Contact traditional Thai musicians.

4. Go to northern Thailand for cheap living, small towns, culture. Should be easy to find things to shoot. Research or buy lonely planet.

Should create universal videos with less fortunate people

You have to keep finding new things to shoot and shoot! Don't stop. If you don't feel like finishing the project, then the project is likely no worth finishing.

Simple shoots with long takes. Interesting subjects.

Learn to capture audio at a professional level.

couchsurf in Malaysia to save money!

I should bring excitement to others. Inspiration. Shown others that they too can make anything.

In order for a photo to be valuable in art, it must be something that cannot be done again. Take a photo of something static is meaningless. You have to capture a moment. Precise timing, along with everything else (frame, enhancement).

Also, photo series helps things seem serious.

research stomach ulcers. Go to doctor?

There should be a TV series that documents traditional cooking methods.

Babycastles documentary that documents traditional games?


Film is quite powerful for just the purpose of documentation.

To travel and film, you must travel first, find something to film, then put all focus on the project to complete it. Can't let travel take over work.

This should take less than two weeks, depending on the length.

The main problem was definitely heat. My body needs to be at the right temperature in order to allow me to think properly.

Buy fish or krill oil.

After getting the process of film down, document a la Vincent Moon. After a few great short products, move on to experimental.

Filming anything oh present time is considered documentation. It is footage of the current time. Now that everyone has cameras, everyone is documenting the world. Add a location to the photo/video data, and a map of the world would be created. Documenting the world means everything. Plants, animals, humans, cultures, rocks.

In order for a video to stand time, it must be artistically great.

Combine all artisan footage and penang footage. Take more shots of Penang. Walk down muntri, pantai, cintra.

Only move once you have a plan. Complete all projects before moving out. Can move to Thailand for cheap accommodation and food, but need to find a great hostel.

Film child Muay Thai boxers.
Google if it exists.

Videos must take less time to edit. Start with music videos. Then go back to people.

Use kick starter to gauge the public's opinion of a game? Playtest anywhere. Kids love games all over the world.

A great day of work. :). Nearly back to my former happy working self.

I could be doing anything in the world, scuba diving with sharks, safari with big cats, seeing ancient kingdoms, yet here I am making films of people, whom are likely uninteresting to most people. Mundane.

I know my fortunes: great family, liberal parents, third child, no responsibilities, infinite time. A movie reminds me of my fortunes, and I respond by being happy and nice to others. The movies that cause this are likely of less fortunate people. Perhaps this why I want to film them. I record their struggle so that people can see what real struggle is. Life of the less fortunate.

Look for struggle to film. People struggling to live.

There will be blood sound during side scroller. Black screen when entering hotel oriental. Wait a moment. "Do you like the business?". Show response and video of Osam. Or just audio. Then show end clip with audio. Or u-turn clip.

Work on multiple projects.

Film people.  Action. What they do. What they think. Their struggle.


I wonder if the current mood of a person affects which film they want to watch. If the are sad, they may seek a happy film. If they are happy, they may seek a dramatic film. Perhaps this is why I've always watched serious dramatic films, because I'm always happy.

Studio Ghibli films have certain elements that exist in all of its films. These are elements which make the film feel universal. Human themes. Exploring a new area, first apprehensive, then find something interesting, then love the place (and people).

Nothing was achieved today. The first hour of traveling was enough. It's becoming a waste of time.

I need to learn to travel with others.

Check brown snot.

Traveling for too long causes the traveller to become spoiled.

the pictures I take with my iPhone are of people, not places. People living.

Films that criticize contemporary society. Social games, cafes, drinking tea, eating at franchise restaurants.

Buy Lonely Planet Southeast Asia on shoestring budget.

create post on Craigslist about film. Look for filmmaker Thailand sites.

food stall. Monk. Need to befriend Thais. Get contacts. Bottle gatherer.

In order to create large films, one has to develop contacts, likely in the same city.


dtac wifi - username: 0832949653, Password: 7608

Stay for a week? Don't feel like traveling. Contact musicians. Order camcorder, eBay GH-2. Contact filmmakers. Contact anything performance related. Finish lucky blind.

Todo Bangkok: see patapong on sukhimvit, see Sao Khong road, see grand palace and two wats, walk around different districts.

Green cotton Thailand 

Just eat herb salads everyday! At a restaurant.

I really miss the artsy kids in cities. I feel less lonely.

When you lose track in life, film is the remedy. Watch films routinely to maintain stability and motivation.

Follow your body, do the work.

priorities in life: figure yourself out / make great things / be confident, mom, Shila, Seung

Begin thinking of film ideas and writing screenplays.

find a university with film major, and a library with wifi. Call before going.

begin ordering stuff tomorrow. Ship home. Everything Vincent Moon has. 1. Audio. 2. Video (handheld).

Don't skimp on anything.

try ebaying GH-2

1. Bangkok/Chiang Mai
- musicians
- traditional
2. India
- musicians
- local filmmakers

find satay and fruit stand. Eat for lunch everyday. Or simple thai restaurant that sells everything, especially meat salads (near university). Eat out for dinner. Only time matters, not money.

perhaps what I don't enjoy about film is that I can't immediately implement an idea. That would only limit me to experimental films. I would need a cast and crew handy to implement quickly. So, I need to build up a team, or join one.

For creativity, I could design ideas via storyboard in my notebook, just as I did with games.

Living primarily indoors is conducive to creativity and work, but it lacks a social aspect, and travel.

Is it better to work all day and night indoors, only coming out for breaks, or should one be outdoors all day? Well, work requires sitting down, and likely not talking as much. The best setting is an office (or cafe, friends house, whatever). In which everyone can work individually, yet communicate to each other.

It's best to work with people, the time of day does not matter.

But being up late means seeing less of the world. The bustling Chinatown, the day markets, stores. Inspiration is then drawn from media instead of real life.

The best solution is to wake up early, go to work, an ignore everybody. This way you can see the world when you want to, likely during lunch.

Two weeks Bangkok, then plan and start.

After Bangkok, and before India, see Laos and Cambodia. At Least Angkor Wat, Prabang, 

Musicians and dancers.

Buy more shorts, and one shirt.

My ideal life: meet people and make stuff together. Create something new every time. Wong Kar Wai does this. As does Vincent Moon. As does Babycastles. Holy shit. I think I'm on to something here.

Take a year off for filmmaking.

With that much experience, people would pay me to create a music video, or any video.

This is it.

This is how I begin my film career.

Say sorry to entire family and friends. Everyone has taken care of me, bought me gifts, taken me out, come along. In return, I've done nothing. I've never given a gift, wished you a happy birthday, taken the time to remember when your birthday is, never hosted a party, a get-together. Never asked you to come along with me.

I believe this is due to my personality. I also believe I can change and fix this, but I still haven't.

I'm selfish.

And so, I want to thank everyone, for allowing me to be myself, an sometime even appreciating it.

3G prevents wandering around. Always buy it when possible.

I work best at night because that is a time when I haven't eaten for some time: eat protein and fruit juice!

Allocate time for creativity, game design and film design. 3 hours per day. 10 hour work/implementation. Slow routine work, in both design and implementation.

After India, go through big cities and record contemporary artists. Do research before leaving. Couhsurf.

Stay calm. Design large ideas. Go through with them. Write screenplays. Write game designs. Like Terrance Malik, Cannes short film winners, Jon.

I need to learn to relax, and design. Slowly create films and games. Remember, anything can be done. Do it well, with quality.

No short episodic films or games.

Finish Pinkies Up, correctly. No bull shit code.

That's my problem. I've never learned to relax. I'm always working on something, resulting in poor quality half assed ideas. I need to fully design something, then begin work.

Todo in India: use most of time designing and completing ideas, slowly work on implementation.


Simple life (great work) vs city life (small innovative works).

Sleep early. Motivated to wake up early.

Cynthia cat.

I wonder if America does have more opportunities in art than other countries. There's more media positions, as there are more media companies. But is that enough of a reason? Why can't people in other countries create media from their home country? Do they want a media position in a large company, or do they want to make their own work?

watch cinema veritae and fly on the wall films.

Perhaps I don't aim to fit the perceived ideal norm.

I should focus time on helping others achieve their goals.

after film, go to mental illness hospital or Burmese orphanage.

Check mail address. Do some relaxing work.

when I arrive to a new place, I consume as much as I can, and work as hard as I can. I make every moment count.  During this time, I am unable to think ahead. I'm just busy working in small steps.

After some time, I stop. The I am in routine. More creative, introverted. I work toward things daily, for a larger product.


normally, I live introvertly. I consume very little.

talk to people to work on large projects. Babycastles for games, but what for films?

Although you have to be careful on which project/direction you choose, you also shouldn't take too long deciding.

Bangkok cultural museum:
Contemporary art explores the unexplored.

The films have good imagery, but lack story. Still, the films are transportive, atmospheric.

Try to shoot images that fit the film.

third film is terrible because the imagery does not match the story. It's just dialogue.

muy thai film is similar to mine. A subject of interest is interviewed and observed at work. A passionate person. A struggle.

Watching the muy thai film feel like traveling.

Documentaries should be about things that have never been documented before. Especially avoid popular subjects such as Muay Thai and Prostitution.

the fifth film isn't bad either. A personal journey.

Still, none compare to Drive, A Separation, or The Artist.

6th film is also interesting. Asks serious questions, struggle, dreams. And a contrasting Karaoke, of the subjects playing simultaneously. Whoa, just realized they are prostitutes. Now it's super interesting. Nevermind, they're just Karaoke singers at a restaurant.

The filmmaker paid the subjects, posting the job in public.

Google these Taiwanese artists. They are just like me.

happyband

The problem with most of the art films is that they don't go the distance. They are somber throughout. No climax.

Chaiwat Kamfun

Mixed media artist use whichever medium fits their idea best. They are not limited by the medium.

the paintings are mind-blowingly good.

Recently experienced media makes a large influence while in the creative process.

Being near influential artists is a huge benefactor. Even with the Internet.

wash backpack

carefully choose your next project. It could be anywhere in the world.

wherever the project is, try to be social.

Does my life have to be project based? For now. The. I can buy a stable business such as a cafe or hostel later.

Should try to choose projects with great people. Until then, aim to create great products (likely short and innovative).

I've gone back to my hermit former self. I need to figure out how to balance work and social life.

Just a few days I go I was extremely motivated, thinking about filming full-time. What happened?

This life is wrong. You should never try to be healthy, diet, and exercise. All of that is secondary to work. Find work/direction should be the goal when you are demotivated.

Message Daniel about sleeping disorder.

The world is gorgeous. Why must I only be able to see it or a few hours? Don't even waste time going out at night.

volunteering doesn't make sense because I am not in charge. I need I learn to take lead and collaborate.

If I travel during the day, I need to find something to do at night. Learn languages? Game development?

It's time to explore. Holy fuck Ayyuthaya is amazing.

Explore places like Ayyuthaya. Fuck cities.

I tried to work and travel and I failed to do either. [my] Work requires routine in a good working environment. Travel requires no past work, free of thought, to allow absorption of culture (language, social interaction with people).

Volunteering at a low level is a selfless thing to do. One can volunteer time at a local hospital. Or volunteer time to family and friends. You choose how to allocate your time.

But should one with intellect be volunteering at a low level, or managing the organization?

Worry less, document less, and design more.

Don't eat unless you are starving.

When you are demotivated, not having a current work, take time to step back and think. Re-evaluate your life.

sunscreen, mosquito repellent, mosquito net? Use sheetals body cover?, etc.

New cities are the death of me. I've failed in Taipei, Kuala Lumpur, and Bangkok.

black pants. White shirt.

Call home. CDC. Yellow fever. Thai travel clinics, cheap?

I thought practical work is what counts. I made prototypes to make something. I figured if I failed to make a game, but completed some kind of work, I would still be in a better position.

I now think that small practical work is useless. Only great things count. It is better to read, design, learn, than to do something practical.

Don't worry about making something. Think. Then create great designs. Concepts are what matter, not the ability to implement them. Although, if both can be done, then bravo.

I should live life as a hermit. Volunteer and help the family when I can. For most of the time, design.

Your personality only feels good if it is doing something great. Create a grand plan, and then do it.

in the past, I've created prototypes and films, for the sake of doing something. Technical competency. I did not take the time to design something great. Then again, I feel like my first three prototypes were for technical competency, but Doodle Tangle was not. I have the power to make any game now. I feel like I need a little more practice for film.

Build a relationship via conversation, then take picture.

create a game about being shizoid.*****

Gattu

construct
Augmented reality construction game

Ask Jon what iPhone case he has.

Need to get motivated again. Consume some fine art. Get back into your grind!

finish games then blow up

Documentation:
Mystique Moments, a hostel in New Delhi
Ragna tawa special chicken at nearby al lazeez.

design an apartment for a parkour enthusiast.

muscatel

Sex in the dark simulator

Use hemorrhoid medicine
Order burger
Add money to SIM card at Airtel at Rink Mall
use Haxe NME for Dance and Touch vs Tilt
Use HaxeFlixel for EGP construct and NME for mime

For imitate scene, should have sprites moving every few seconds to understand movement and timing.

Or no sprites at all while imitating? Use muscle memory.

This is getting far from my design.

Be open. Do various works. Say okay. Balance work and life.

Place yourself in places that will put you in the mood to do something you want. Going to India to make games does not make sense. If you want to make games go to Babycastles. If you want to learn Mandarin take a job in Taiwan in which you spend time talking to people. If you want to make films, find people to make films with.

Although you adjust to your surroundings, you should be able to retain your personal goals. You should be able to make games in India. Perhaps there were other things I wanted to do once I got there.

Currently, I want to work in Taiwan. I want to have artist friends to hang out with. I want to make things often. I need to make some money. I want to learn Mandarin, and then Spanish, then French, then Italian. I want to wake up early to see the world working beautifully: the farmers bringing their yield to the day markets, old people playing games, mothers cooking. I want to work and live, simultaneously. There's so much I'm willing to do in Taiwan, moreso than New York. Although, if I were to go back to NY now, I think I would be similarly active.

Go to Taiwan. Check out contemporary art events, talk to people, pick up a gig, or a short job. Do other things that are close to life: volunteer, teach kids how to make stuff, run tech workshops,  surround yourself with people, find an apartment, find friends, find a girlfriend, don't be alone.

Stay in a somewhat relaxed environment, like JVs hostel. A place where I feel at home, yet want to go out or socialize.











Kelda Mcintosh-Vaubrun
Funshine299@gmail.com



Stay until the 18th for ishanti. Trek with them.

Go out once a day, for social activity. To do things with other people.

Ear churrpi momo.

Try talking to female travelers

Two full work weeks. Go out when it's sunny. Begin creating art after programming is done.

Benches outside chowrasta, garden, happy tea valley

I either need to move to a city to have people who I can connect with on a certain level or bring them with me. There is no point of living and working on games alone. It separates me from local people. I could be developing connections in a city.

No more tea, coffee, or excuses. It's work time. Work as much as you can before going to Taiwan.

Siliguei to pani tanki 50rs
pani tanki to kakarbita
Kakarbita to Kathmandu 700rs

Day-dreams:
Marrying Mandy. We organize our own wedding in Hampton Roads. The week before, we go to each craftsman's house to help -- cook, mendhi, saris. During the wedding,  we take live video of Dilip Uncle cooking. On the way to the main room, we see Fooah. He breathes heavily, falling to the floor, but just requires some rest to recover.

To Dance:
Third implementation, have stamina, decreases quickly when sprinting. This makes sense and works!

Dance logo created by two touches dancing.

Sounds should be of dancing alone in a studio.

Horse mode, creation and imitation classes set Global.lastSceneWasSuccessful or set Horse.lastSceneWasSuccessful

The iPhone logo is a black thin laced heel

1425, 1445


kitcha man chitrakar

window restaurant

Vegetable soup is perfect for dinner.

Today felt like a day in San Francisco, the second time. I hiked to a new place, worked a bit, hiked more, worked more. Although this is a productive work routine, it's lonely, and it goes by fast. I need some social time. I'd rather spend time with people than nature or myself. The days in Bhaktapur felt much longer. Also, I still need to wake up earlier. This is not the life to live. There needs to be daily social activities. Cook for friends, talk with friends, work with friends, meet new people, join projects, something. A lone developer is not enough to create a balanced life.

For a good work routine, I'd rather exercise quickly than slowly hike. Next time I'll run.

Need an app that contains an alarm that can repeat every hour and a half

Buy a mosquito net, natural insect repellent.

I want to keep running, moving, making, like Babycastles.

In order to create games or films, I need to be surrounded by people that love and get excited about them.

try top New York research jobs? Try top Taiwan and Tokyo research jobs? Or fuck it, choose one, and be outgoing. Don't give up! Decide on the train, or after working on games for a bit in India. Take on cool jobs like game developer adjunct professor, summer camp teacher, commercial director, etc.

I need friends to keep track of time. Be social throughout the day. Balancing my time with theirs.

Inform dad, Dhannanjay, and treasureball team.

I think about my surroundings. If people are making art, then I think about art. If there are slums around, then I think about ways to help. If there are new things around, then I consume. Placement is crucial for my personality. Where do I want to be? I want to be balanced. Make art and technology, yet help all people around me.

Full-time Crystal Brawl. Fix bugs. Talk about design. Try prototyping in Unity. Spend off time with Bharatbhai and Dhannanjay. Make contacts online. Work with people from New York, San Francisco, and East Asia.

It's equally satisfying to live in a random new place. But the length of stay depends on people and work.

Research a little for research type jobs in Japan? Find and contact art organizations and its members. Do research before going! It costs too much too much to wonder in Tokyo. 

Or start a studio with friends. Need to find friends first. Find a studio.

Do I need to find a technical job so quickly? It's important to spend time finding the right people, but I'd have to balance life by working on projects simultaneously.

It only takes a week to find the right people. It only takes another week to pick up a job. Then work on personal art.

See similar friend's jobs.

Stay relaxed, like Jon and Himal
