4/25Chinese society:I had quite a few talks with Ben yesterday night and Diana today about Chinese society. I thought about it quite a lot while moving my bags:The society has no manners. It is quite savage, no different than villages in Northern Laos.Kids have slits in the pants aligned with their buttcrack. I haven't seen, but I wouldn't be surprised that they poop on the street and the parent shovels it into a plastic bag, like a pet, or not shovel it.People squat. I think squatting is one of the most comfortable positions, especially for defecating. I don't think this manner has any affect, just appears savage because it is the de facto defecating position. I think of it similar to Japanese people kneeling, but more comfortable.People hawk and spit. I became sick early in Beijing and caught a cold. It may be a pollution problem. I began to hawk and spit too. It's normal for the body to remove nasal junk. I just aimed at trees and tissues.The society is self-centered, and cheat because of it. They go to the front of queues, cheat prices. They seem opportunist in a narrow society their mind can only grasp. They won't do something directly immoral, just slightly, as if morals have a scale. They won't rob a bank, but they'll overcharge you for poor quality products.Ben said this may be because people used to fight for survival, and were taught to be self-centered, to be the fittest. Now, this isn't required, yet people still keep their old habits. Quite plausible.The society is fake (agrees to things without meaning it). When I came to Beijjng, a friend gave me some contacts. For the previous year I've been reading books, so I wasn't in the most outgoing mode of appreciating everyone I meet on the street or otherwise, so I contacted the people, kept it up, but they all resulted in them not following up. One seemed to enjoy talking to me, one has a video games job and I said was interested, seeming less interested, one seemed to know less English and said he loved Beijing, one is an English teacher. The girl who seems to enjoy talking to me failed to meet several times, pushing the dates, saying she lost her phone. The game girl did not seem to want to meet, although saying to try on the weekend, then pushing back because she lost her phone. The local guy pushed several times, said I could stay at his place next time I visit. The English guy met after failing during the day. Another day he straight lied, worse than a Beijing person, saying to meet at a club, then saying he was in Shanghai an hour before. After a week I stopped trying. When I stopped, no on tried to message me.Another instance is the Beijjng Olympics, as Ben mentioned, which brought back the thoughts of Ai Wei Wei. The entire Olympics was a fake expression. The Chinese don't care about sports, or buildings, or other countries. They did it because they had to. Traditional buildings were destroyed, people worked, laws to not spit were created, but they only followed it temporarily, as if they were paid to do so. After the event was over, everything went back to normal, except the destroyed buildings were gone and even the newy built buildings were destroyed because they have no use for it.The society has no passion. People just don't do things out of individual passion -- whether creative, or helping helping society. The idea of progressing society does not exist. People do enough to merely live, it does not matter what. People do not do things spontaneously. People do not dance, sing, exercise, talk of interests, or exhibit any form of minor creativity. Perhaps routine education destroyed possibility for passion.The society is dogmatic. The most frightening characteristic a society could have is this. Japan and Korea are quite robotic, but China seems almost entirely dogmatic in their method of gathering knowledge. It seems they don't know how to have an experience. They lost their childhood playfulness. Perhaps it was scolded out of them. Perhaps this is what lead to honoring education. A dogmatic society can be easily controlled by ideology, to cheat or kill.The society lacks knowledge. Perhaps a problem of education, again. Sometimes people are just savage and have no capacity, staring at anything that one does not understand. Other times they just lack experience, probably because their education and society are both dogmatic. People have no experience. Without experience, what knowledge does one have?--How does a society like this progress? Can social change happen? It requires people to care for others, share, so that people react positively, and want to do the same to others. Perhaps Christianity helped on this regard; Confucius and dogmatic education does not. China is the opposite of Southeast Asia, what is in my mind closest to ideal. Like India, the society is rough. India, unlike China, have passions. They love their country, celebrating during religious days, even if it lacks rational thinking, I feel it is a step above China. A passion to do good is required even before rationality.4/24Perhaps the books are a burden. Should just ship them to Taiwan. Forget about them. Though good ideas, a handbook is all that is needed for action. I feel the books make me similar to the disassociated Chinese people living in Beijing. They lack passion and playfulness.I should begin by shipping junk to Taiwan, then taking a train west. Use SIM card and charger to find way around. Find people with online services. Walking around locally is useless. Even all of the institutions seem quite useless. Perhaps in China, only the schools have smart people; there are no public spaces.Also, watch some films, be playful, active, again.--Perhaps my down phases, depressions, are detachment. Detachment from the real world occurs every winter, or after three months of intense reality. Normally I come back, but reading in a suburban house may have made this a bit more difficult to do myself without much external stimuli. Now, I'd rather not. This has never occurred before. Being unable to take action or stopping myself is quite odd, and usually wrong. That kind of ascetic lifestyle is not functional, and has no affect on life.--4/22It seems I do need constant similar external stimuli to excite me to do something. Does it have to be the same media as true thing I want to create? No. News [and experience] are enough. Is news, contemporary events enough to cause me to want me to change society? Maybe that's a media vs experience question. Has much of my life been experience and cause? What caused me to go to different places?I wanted to see contemporary China. I wanted to see millions mobilize toward capitalism. The good and the ugly. In hopes that it would mobilize myself, to film it, to join an organizsation, think about it philosophically, as I normally, pragmatically always have. But visually, this is difficult to see, or at least in Beijing it is. Media is required, or people to talk about these things.Is my inability to live, to do, to practice in the current moment, a result of reading and not acting for a long period of time? Or, is it because Chinese society is reserved, lacking action, though thoughtful?On the pragmatic-thinking axis, I believe one should be more pragmatic than thinking. Social action should be almost constant. Anywhere toward the thinking end leads to hard sciences and continental philosophy.Watch some films, play some games, read some books, but most of all, take social action.-The convenience of consuming media is quite dissimilar to experience. Watching a film that takes place in remote areas with different climates requires a healthy body and time. Being out of shape for once, this is quite a limitation. It is quite important to have and choose a small area as a home, especially as one's body deteriotes. It is incredible what an education from media offers: infinite knowledge, of human sciences, at least, and motivation for all else.--Film is possibly the fastest way to transmit ideas. Books are needed for more abstract ideas, hard sciences, philosophy, etc. Unsaid words.--Autistic child, such a burden to parents. Can't be a part of society. Only limited to autistic communities, or other handicap communities. Society hasn't developed well for the non-priveledged especially on th West. But societies are now better than parents. There is enough technology and media to guide nearly anyone independently. Attachment is odd.--The rest of the world is hard to reach without media. Prisons, autistic children, etc. Yet, people must reach out, not just for media.--Every film is quite old, before Internet. It's easy to trace knowledge this way, but not accurate to contemporary societies.Bars are awful. The worst people go at the stupidest times.Can old people really not think that far ahead? Even young people don't have that much attention.4/17北京的發展的地方跟西方人一樣。東方人從西方文化有想頭。音樂，咖啡店，酒吧，什麼的。可是，東方人用他們的風格，發展。結果是比較含蓄。可能東方文化對我舒服。因為我在「舊金山」，「紐約」也喜歡了。在發展應該有問題。什麼時候人嘎變了比較自私？得到公司的時候 -- 材料改變錢？**--怎麼可能人從俗？ 孔子？*--西方人沒有那麼多能力，所以他們一共活了 -- 看電影，去酒吧，吃西方的飯，用西方的風格創造東西。--含蓄的人的錢比西方人比較小，因為他們沒有那麼多的激情，也不很可能登廣告。他們不浮華的。他們照顧人太多。?:Riding transportation brings new thoughts because one uses memory to sift through and create connections.I preferred films in the past because it substituted real experience, and I could learn from it. I avoided trite films becaus no knowledge could be derived from it. Books often require experience to understand, missing visual and audio.Now there are less films ton learn from. Yet, while watching a Jia zhangke film one learned of globalization, capitalism, epistemology. Watching a trash film, one learns about popular ideology of the time.--While traveling, decision-making is so fast, the words aren't even thought of, it just comes out as action. Artists take action, without using words, yet reflecting their ideology.--Oxford book series:Psychoanalysis:Psychology is theoretical, scientific. Psychiatry is cause and effect, experience and treatment, statistics. Psychoanalysis is therapy.Unconscious mind, motives, and behavior.--Myanmar:Need to secure permissions to areas, can take two weeks to a month! Requires experienced travel agency, paying MTT.Exiting Myanmar by land requires permits and "guide" fees, there are three border exits.Buses fastest, cheapest, but still more expensive for foreigners. Trains 10x more expensive for foreigners.Main cities have cheap public buses.Bicycle 300-5000 per day.Ngoinmyanmar--Hume:1. Different kinds of philosophy:One: Replicate real life, guided by own conduct and taste and sentiment.Two: create theory from experience. Determine cause from effect. They regard human nature as subject of theoretical enquiry, and they examine it intently, trying to ﬁnd the principles that regulate our understanding.Philosophers are content with finding new knowledge for the next generations.A mix of both is best: create art that is accessible, yet contains knowledge.Can't always do both, be sociable and gain knowledge, so a mix of both is best.Indulge in knowledge but seek knowledge of things relevant to action and society. Gaining esoteric knowledge leads to melancholy.Art is a replication of life, and the artist must be skilled to do it well. "Accuracy always helps beauty, and solid reasoning always helps delicate sentiment."Philosophers bring knowledge to society, improving government, law, military.Cognitive science is possible.2. Origin of ideas:Hume:Cause and effect is experience.Can't understand anything ultimately because causes are infinite. We can only make general reasonings, by experience and observation.