10/24/2009
i had to write the following down somewhere, i've gone over these things so many times
i think it's very hard to to grow up in the US and end up being a well-balanced (good judgement) individual
i think most of the choices you make, to become who you are, are done by genetics, which is sad.
...but most of my brown generation have followed a brolife, which is fine...i guess...but they're not really trying in school or life. just lost souls in a stupid society
...and what happened to the learning!? did people lose their ability to learn? now people just say, "oh this stupid device is broken, and now i have to buy a new one". google/wikipedia more! if my 42yr old aunt can come to america, learn english/computers/owning a house/getting and keeping a job, then so can anyone younger than her.
judgement is probably the trait i value the most. my dad has the best, and i have the second best ^^.
mom wins in willpower. maybe i'll gain some willpower, once i have my own family.

life and money
0-30 brood creativity - think of ideas/invent/design
31-50 family
50+ charity/help family and friends

10/31/2009 - downfall - more recurring thoughts
i need to take some time off working all day, so i can think of ideas
then again thinking too much is bad. it makes you worry about life

watching good movies is a good thing. it makes you think about the important things in life. it pulls you away from your lucky american life, and makes you think about not-so-lucky lives. after watching a movie, i ponder. post-movie is my "thinking time".
media may have created romance. i don't think i've seen a happy couple in real life, yet i'm romantic. the media just makes you more hopeful for romance.

i assume that at least 50% of americans are dumb. i mean feeble, inefficient, unwilling to learn, conservative - dumb.
then another 25% have bad judgement, and lost desire to learn and strive.
another 15% have bad taste and still not the best judgement.
so 5% of america is cool, 15% good, 50% tolerable.

move to japan/sweden. maybe i'll feel like i belong there. a place where i consider 90% of people as a friend. a place where the filthy rich don't scam the poor. only the brightest rise, but everyone else is still treated fairly. not to mention the benefits of a more social life (as opposed to american's isolated lifestyle)

maybe if i write down my thoughts, i can think of new ones, since i will feel like these thoughts have been established. [the following was written on 1/22] if i write down my thoughts, i won't dwell on the same thoughts either.

11/12/2009 - slow day
it's hard to distinguish whether is person isn't trying hard, or if it's just genetics that led him/her there
hrm...kash/payal drink, but they are good hard-working people...and sagar is just exemplary

11/20-11/21/2009
i think what forces a person listen to better music, is based from two traits.
1. the desire for new/original/better music
2. the ability to adapt to new things. mainstream listeners label music different from what they're used to as 'weird'
older mainstream listeners often retreat back to their old favorites, instead of seeking recent lesser known music

i can often spot out mainstream music within a few seconds. it's plain, unoriginal. mainstream artists have a few singles, produced by someone else, in no way new [progressive], targeted to an audience [this sentence was written later and helped from wikipedia "pop music"].
mainstream music has a trend to copy the original sounds of other genres, and incorporates it to their formulaic pop singles. dis. gusting. recent trends include: electronic & indie =(

11/24/2009
i've wasted a lot of time on job searching. computer science is not what i want to do, but i'll keep it for a stable job. after getting a job, hopefully i can muster some inspiration to create music.
every parent is a teacher. so maybe being a parent will fulfill my teaching aspiration

11/29/2009
after watching freestyle: art of rhyme documentary [barely belongs in this txt]
more about creativity, finding your creative being and projecting it out
what you spit is a part of you, unique and no one else will ever say anything like it
rappers who started from freestyling often go on to make a good 1-2 records based on the creativity from their freestyling [then become rich and lose their creativity, maybe loss of inspiriation?]
the point of freestyling is that it's original, every freestyle is something new
on a staged battle delivery becomes important, to sway the crowd in your favor. here, improvisational freestyle may not win, even if you are a better at it in general. freestyle battles is not a good gauge of your skills, these other factors intercept the measurement.

nes n00b dies in a car accident. reinforces that i must be positive and closer to my family. it also reinforces to enjoy life, because "anything can happen", as his mother said.
why do people rush when driving? i'm calm, but i guess americans are always in a rush. there's also alcohol, teens, and pressure from passengers. (although neither is the case here) *update, drinking is the case

12/03/2009
hrm, i've been wasting time within creative timeframe (0-30), and feel bad. i need to start a creative study, rather than practical programming.
[written at later date, but thought before] - i'm not very creative, instead i have characteristics of a businessman

12/04/2009
i forget everything i learn very quickly, so it's important that i take notes. the notes have to be comprehensive enough, so that if i looked at it in a distant future, i would be able to re-learn everything easily.
focus on understanding concepts, and less about the details (syntax)

12/07/2009
it's tough to describe why a person is not cool, so i'll try to list them here: use of idioms in speech, having conversations about subjects that have been over-conversed in the public, bad taste in media, unplanned events (like showing up at a movie theater without a choice in mind)

12/08/2009
enver told me about pb&j. i don't think his problem is due to psychology. he needs to be beaten. real bad. i feel like in this case, he wasn't raised right. only in America do these sort of people get by [written later: they wouldn't survive elsewhere, they wouldn't be allowed to do these things elsewhere].
genetics or parents, which to blame? it's tough to say whether the problem is genetics or the parents, but pb&j is a prime example of a mentally normal human gone awry. how does this happen? at what stage in his life did this occur?
i need to wikipedia psychology and genetics.

i'm fortunate - an old thought, but i haven't written it yet. i'm extremely fortunate in every way possible. great parents, top genes (mental and physical), raised well (middle class neighborhood, public schools, great parenting, temple, travel [it's better to let a kid explore the world, rather than keeping him in the house]), and i'm wealthy. it could be the reason that i'm always happy. if you have what i have, why would you be angry? although, i think the reason i am happy is because i have a 'happy gene'. if i were raised less fortunate, i beleive i'd still be happy. sure, there would be more stress, but i think i would prevail =). even further, i think i'd be more inspired! have more reasons to reach for a more demanding goal.
oh right, the i'm fortunate thought comes to mind whenever the life in an undeveloped country is mentioned.

12/14/2009
"if a lot of smart people have liked something that you don't, you should try and figure out what they saw in it" - Kenneth Clark

12/23/2009
jazz - very improvisational, not as fun to listen to as rock/pop, and hard to listen to long solos. sure it's original (because it's improvisational), but it sounds more like doodling. i have more fun listening to new sounds found in indie rock, i especially enjoy how indie music arranges all of it's sounds together (the vocals and sounds, lyrics, album, concepts, etc.) into harmony. pop is pop because it evokes emotions with a few simples notes and melodies, but i like to have emotions in my music. maybe jazz is so alien to me, that it requires more listens to evoke my emotions? i'll keep trying...
     - Grizzly Bear and Animal Collective took 4 listens before i felt the entire CD was amazing. in animal collective, the sounds and structure were new, you have to get used to the prevalent noise to really listen, just like you do for japandriods. at this time, i'm not sure why grizzly bear took soo many listens, i don't recall it having really foreign sounds, the tracks just didn't stand out, other than the single track "two weeks". i listened to that track many times before moving on, and i did the same thing with animal collective's single "my girls". after that, other tracks started to appear, along with new sounds and melodies that weren't apparent at first, my mind wasn't listening to these tunes before. this happens with each listen, until i appreciate the entire album. after the 4th listen, i'm enveloped in it so much, that it makes my hair stand. to me, this is my WATCHMEN of music, it's that good.
     - which leads me to beleive that music is indeed a preference. sure it takes intelligence, or i'd argue experience. experience, because the more experience you have, the more original music you've heard, assuming you always strive to listen to new music. with experiece, you can easily criticize pop music and anything simple. i imagine those who can criticize classical music, are people who know the details of written music very well. one who, upon listening, are going through all of the sounds in written form [in structure] in their head, annotating how original/clever a syncopation in one of the sounds [one melodic voice of a polyphony] are. i'm not sure how you can criticize jazz, as it's so improvisational...or again i may not have "got it"...
     - but this would imply that i share a lot of similar tastes with the reviewers at pitchfork. what lead me to pitchfork was how much i agreed with their numbers on metacritic. maybe there are some people who also started with metacritic, but found rolling stone's numbers agreed with their opinion. everyone goes to into their own group (clique). is pitchfork mine? i hope i'm able to progress to classical...
     - still, criticizing music should exist. it's easy to see point out why a band is trash. a publication needs to exist to keep the 7.0s and less in the garbage, away from public view and encouragement.

classical - some can be improvisational, it's not based on it, in fact it has a lot of repitition. sure it has a ton of original melodies, but i think it more about how well the entirety is composed. i enjoy strings and woodwinds, but do not like brass nearly as much. i don't like marching band music. i really enjoy darker (minor) music. Vivaldi's Winter or Bach's Toccata and Fugue or any Mozart. seung pointed out that strings are the most sentimental, and he loves them/knows they are the best.

lesser genetic make-up [this thought occured earlier today, and is one of those reoccuring ones] - this is one thing i don't think of. i even have a fear of the "handicapped", i would be frightened at a mental hospital. i just can't beleive how fragile human genes are. there's such a high chance that you'll have some sort of disease. i can't imagine that x% of people have disease y, and so on. so many people are suffering. i wouldn't want to live if i even had one serious one, i'm spoiled. the fear extends with thoughts of my child having chances of disease, and i'm not sure what i would do if i had a child with a serious syndrome. i wish there was a way to tell if the the child is fine within the first trimester, so the female could just abort the fetus. i think i would want a very mentally handicapped baby killed [yep, i'm evil]. sure the baby has emotions and feelings, but so do animals. if the baby is suffering [in pain] from a disease, i would want to kill the baby ASAP.

it seems i've missed my creativity, and instead went for knowledge whoring. i really need to research creativity, to find a method to induce creativity.

12/24/2009
an update on the jazz from seung - he likes jams ("straight up playing, no songs or plan"). hearing people jam or improvise is like hearing an extension of the musician. he also just liked the sound of saxophones, and feels it has teh range of violins.
maybe what makes jazz good is because only the musician who played their songs can play it again. it's very hard from someone else to read it, and play it. no wait, that's dumb. maybe my personality just doesn't match with jazz.

12/31/2009 [the day i wikipedia'd chess]
maybe my lack of emotion is due to habituation. [Habituation - the psychological process in humans and animals in which there is a decrease in psychological response and behavioral response to a stimulus after repeated exposure to that stimulus over a duration of time.]

1/4/2010
learn - chess (don't remember opening positions, use talent/creativity), martial arts (body), you have time to learn but should try very hard in your first 20 years
mouse+keyboard>keyboard - laptop users have to know and use more shortcuts to compare to my mouse+keyboard skill

1/5/2010 after food inc.
reinforces smaller is better, as opposed to America's slogan
90% of food have corn products in it, including synthetically engineered variations
70% of meat (beef/chicken/pork/etc.) come from the same 4 companies, in which genetically altered animals run in their own feces with little sunlight
the solution is simple, choose not to eat those products, buy vegetables, cook and eat with your family, buy organic foods
indians are pretty good with this, as we eat our mother's food, and most don't eat much meat (esp. cheeseburgers). still, the soda n snacks are there.
when i give money, i should spend it on the smaller people. friends&family>small people whom i know are good through personal contact or research, that benefit tremendously from a small sum. even helping larger people work, but i won't have that much money, that's upto larger businesses--fighting the law/corporations, i like to see my money be useful!
[old thought] what seperates a good movie from a bad one is realism. remove the hollywood plot and music. everything must be real - the character's personalities, the outcome, the randomness, everything. add good cinematography, and BAM! you have a good movie.

1/6/2010 more aspiration daydreaming
having a career in comp sci only allots ~$50-75k a year. you can't do anything significant with that much money. i should make investments with a group of friends, and together make large strides in the business world. buy stores, restaurants, hotels, etc., together! we can look for ways to expand with our increasing profits. this may require quitting our jobs and becoming full-time business men. some friends may want to hold on to their aspirations, so we should be sure to allot some time for learning/family/vacation.

1/7/2010
most game developers aim to make the user occupied, at the cost of repitition.
i think there are only a few types of games. one is a bland game, using known genres (action/adventure, diablo-like), with an almost nonexistant story, and nothing new. another type is to create a balanced, competetive game--fighting games, starcraft. the third type is a game that's highly original, with a good story/environment, bringing everything together, that plays more like a book/movie (bioshock, braid). [1/11 most really are a waste of time.]

1/11/2010
most knowledge is temporary. you learn, and you forget. i probably can't even factor numbers anymore. vocabulary seems to stay, as long as you see the word every now and then. memories fade. any technical subject will disappear, if you don't use it. [1/12 you can even lose memorization for games. ex. smash, chess, starcraft. what you need to do is increase hand-eye coordination. for chess, you shouldn't learn openings, you should move according to your own thinking, that's orginality, that's talent, that's what seperates the pros/grandmasters from the other 99%.]
so what's the point of learning so much? in school, you try to learn as much as you can. maybe to see your maximum potentional? or maybe you learn, so you learn how to learn -- err, the process of learning. i guess you can get better at learning.
i should invest. investing requires research, which is my forte. i could invest at the comfort of my home, just researching all day. i wouldn't mind. i can listen to music while researching. it'll be like getting paid for doing a monotonous chore, like washing dishes.
maybe the point of school was to build interest in learning. making sure you have interest in learning, even after getting out of school.
i wikipedia a lot. this means i'm interested in learning. still, most of the things i read on wikipedia are temporary. pyschology, astrology, finance...i'll know a great portion, but only for a night.
i was ...?
[old thought] waking me up before i get my sleep is initially infuriating. i become grumpy for that day; i don't feel like helping anyone.

more of a fact, then a thought
sleep - i sleep for 8-9 hours, and i oversleep if i have no reason to wake up [use alarm to preven oversleep!]. a class or job would fix it. even with school, i had troubles waking up early. what happens is, i stay up later at night, causing me to wake up later. the cycles continues until i eventually have to stay up the night.

1/12/2010
be thrifty - sarah hasn't bought an article of clothing over $10 in a very long time. she most buys from thrift stores, or items on clearance. each new item must match at least 3 other items, or else she won't wear it. yet, i found her style to be the most attractive.

1/19-20/2010
raising a child in japan would be much easier than raising one in america. it would be a relief for the parents. the child would be surrounded by better people (better: more intelligent, better judgement, more respectful, etc.). certain culutural and familial values can be found in other countries.
it's okay to go to school for one thing, and choose a different career. it's the learning that counts (or so i tell myself). the ability to learn complicated concepts, the ability to remember a vast amount of vocabulary (or syntax). most importantly to push your learning ability to the max. schools should have less busywork and more thinking.
recording every favorite media of yours - it's tough in the internet age. should you do it? everything you see is temoporary, and just builds on experience. it's up to you to share for others, or for later viewing. still, i wish i kept a log of my favorite media.

1/21/2010
i'm not very creative. i'm practical. my personality fits a business career. should you choose what you're good at, or what you want to do? well, i don't care for programming. there's an infinite amount of things to learn and create, but i just haven't been loving it. business work is something i don't mind. i would learn a ton of practical things (finance, civil engineering). these abilities could be used to help others. i imagine research would become a large part of business too. hrmmm...

2/3/2010 after watching My Neighbor Totoro
it would be nice to raise a family in a rural area. the family would be close, and there would be an appreciation for nature. we could still keep computers (and media) in the house, and the kids would attend a school nearby, so it wouldn't be completely isolated from the developed world.
maybe i could work in america, but spend vacations at the farm. even college park had ditches filled with tadpoles, old bridges, and dirt trails alongside the modern world of electronics.
the offset could be less learning about the developed world. there wouldn't be nearly as much wikipedia'ing, internet browsing, political terms, or home services. although, this would lead to a more independent lifestyle, with the will to learn.
if i grew up elsewhere, i still think i would still have the same mindset, due to my genes.
living in a rural settings would change the way kids spend free time, from video games to real life activities (tag, sports, nature, helping family/neighborhood, etc.). i played a mixture of both.

2/4/2010
be moderate about everything [recurring thought]

2/5/2010
a lot of things in life are made for 2 or more people. a family, or roomates. live together in the same house. cooking for one person is the same as cooking for more. even eating out is cheaper for a similar reason. -learned from shila

blogging is a good practice for writing, but not something i can read (and stay updated)
indie rock concerts aren't great to listen to, unless the band is able to perform as well live as they are on CD. Indie rock has too many sounds to recreate live, so they are often left out, making the music sound a lot more dull. I should try Jazz, since that is improvisational. Or Classical, since I'm able to enjoy it regardless of hearing it before.
i need to encourage myself to take action for large aspirations. maybe set goals? move out by age 25?

2/6/2010
i think people are ready to choose their own life after they graduate from high school. college is just there to delay your decision of choosing a path. i guess this is what liberal arts colleges are for: helping you find what you want to do.

2/7/2010
indie rock is mostly about sound. if the band has an original sound, and the music is fun to listen to (even after 5 tries), then it's good. if the band does this, avoiding all of the cliches, then it's great!

2/9/2010
the larger the family, the closer it will be. the members would be exposed to more personalities, and learn to deal with them early in life. members of a smaller family would try to stick with people close to their own personality. a large family would spend a lot more time together, helping each other cook, teach, babysit, etc. there would be less time for personal entertainment (media, own friends). i definitely don't want some prototype goodie family, who watches disney channel, and PG movies together. what leads a kid to a non-conformist lifestyle?
sleep deprivation allows you to hear the sounds of everything in music. when you've overlslept, you only focus on vocals, less for everything else. it's best to stay in a quiet room for hours, then listen to music. it also may be better on the second listen, because you are now familiar with the music, and able to dance to it. maybe that is why the pitchfork list sounded amazing to me. maybe + some bass/treble helps?
"you don't have to go to college" -animal collective

2/16/2010
non-conformity leads to a less social life
i need someone who talks a lot near me, to bounce jokes off of. like sheetal/shila/sarah/enver. with someone someone observant, like seung or myself, then it wouldn't be as fun or loud. we'd both be on PCs, doing our own thing, without much talking

2/18/2010
the ideal life - move to a different country every few years. this would allow me to learn a new language, culture, and way of life, for every move. the problem is income. what job would allow me to live this lifestyle? can i run businesses in foreign countries? i would have to be the owner, with a top notch manager. even then, i wouldn't be a good owner, since i'm not near my business. i'd have to settle in one country for some time (10-18 years?), when i have children.

2/19/2010
invest (time and money) in shila's beauty shop
should i follow dad's path or take a more selfish/personal path? i can still help people around me if i take the personal path.

02/28/2010
sweden/norway/finland have free higher education! send kids there

03/04/2010
college park was the perfect place to grow up. people (and their personalities), culture, sports, crime, adventure, and infinite fun. you can learn everything you need to know in a neighborhood like that. it forces you to be raised correctly, with much less parenting.

03/06/2010
It's peculiar that people who live a high tech busy life, may aspire to live a rural slow life, and vice versa. maybe lifestyles too should be taken in moderation. for 20 years you can live in the a developed city, then for another 20 years live on a farm. It doesn't have to be a consecutive 20 years, vacations count.
Vacations were created to balance out work and rest. Everything should be taken in moderation.

I don't believe that if person A has many accomplishments in something he doesn't love is any further then person B who doesn't have any. It does show that person A is more hard working, but not all personalities are hard working.
At the age of 15-30, people should try to do something from their creative side. art - music, literature, film, drawing. just give it a try. if that doesn't work, you can always fall back on some business. or, if you are like me, not creative, you're stuck

Why do i want to live in another country so bad? I guess it's the strive for originality or something new.

03/07/2010
The aspiration to live in another country is now more important to me than finding my dream (ideal) job. I can work for 8 hours, but I just don't like coming home to more work--family, self-improvement, house improvement, car maintenance. I'd like to come home and discover new things, adventure into town or the country. Go to new places every day.

03/09/2010
Mom makes tea for 4 people (including herself) at seperate times, then makes lunch and cooks it 3-4 seperate times, then makes dinner and cooks it 3-4 seperate times. total: makes/cooks 14-16 times? wtf?
[old note] - non-comformity leads to a non-social life, linked to seeking originality? sarah, enver, and ivar are non-conformist, yet are very social.

03/14/2010
i'm able to appreciate everything, but have no talent of my own

03/26/2010
shila's beauty shop would be my number one priority in business venture
i'll program for a few years, but i don't see it being very profitable, unless the programmers get a share of the company.
after a few years i would either have to start my own company or just find another business (out of country) to feed my originality
i need to get my voice heard at my job. Be like ralph. I have good judgement, i just have to say what i think. I could start by writing down my thoughts, then presenting it to others
i really need to have fun for the next 5 years, before mom n dad get old. Live out of the house/country for that time, then come back and take over
jai advised us to start our own business. programmers don't make enough money, espcially compared to his finance major wife, who makes 100k+. Sure, business is stressful, but programming can be too. So might as well be stressed AND rich!

3/27/2010
i spend most of my time helping other people. People come to me because of my knowledge and skills.
dad should retire. He may not want to retire, because he likes helping other people, but managing a hotel, a motel, and a family at age 60 is superfluous and insane.

3/29/2010 departures
it's "about finding your own bliss".
also spouses who leave their children will always care...but why not just come back? ashamed?
i don't have to find my avocation, or plan my future at this moment. just let fate decide. there's always time.

4/16/2010 seung
this is a few days after. i didnt even think about writing my thoughts down during the events.
i'm just like dad-can't stop helping people, yet have no friends. i wonder if he daydreams and is happy all day, like me.
my personality is happy-go-lucky because i have no reason not to be. until seung, i've never had anything seriously ill happen near me. kaushik was the closest (which is far).
enver has the perfect model personality. social, positive, and enjoys life, even if bad events surround him.
after reading seung's essay, i realized how pathetic i am. At one point i didn't even have any close friends! But i'm a loner, able to indulge into media, and stay happy. The difference between me and seung is that i don't dwell on my past or problems. I only think about the present...not even the future! I just work or have fun everyday.
but seung's event was reasonable. And his thoughts are logically correct. Maybe if we traded places we would trade paths.
we both are shy, have few friends, love media, have good judement, and are kind. he laughs more often than i do! I bet i'd obsess over a girl, if i had found one too.
it's possible that i've repressed most of my past. i spent most of it trying to stay awake in school or playing games. i don't remember much. there's an even higher chance that i just don't care for the past-so why remember it?

5/2/2010
i need to prioritize my life.
First, i'll to clean my room and PC, making myself portable. I need to stop writing notes/keeping past items, and just think of everything as disposable. I rarely look at old media anyways, so why keep it. At the most I can just keep a list of everything. No need to favorite, burn DVD, or anything.
Next, i can work on more important self improvements. the main target goal being more social. Work on bringing my thoughts into words. Ridding shyness/nervousness. Showing strength, yet appealing to everyone--like Enver and Shila. Start looking for a girl.
I could just skip the social improvement and move to another country. It would solve many personality problems AND i would be much happier.

[old thought] we live in a busy world. You can pass through many friends in your life, but the only ones that have time to care for you are your current friends or friends who currently live close to you.

5/?/2010 old notes
[note 1]
genetics vs personality
old memory - jeson said, "jigar's parents were too strict, that's why he's doing so many crazy things". dad replied, "no."
before, i thought it was the parent's ability to raise--implies personality was affected by surroundings
now, i think it's genetics--raising/surroundings has nothing to do with it

leads back to the swedish prison story--chainsaw killer inmate cuts trees at a low security prison. he was pushed by stress, but would never do it otherwise. it's just the extremes of pyschology

movies - i watch, not thinking about anything. After watching, i can criticize
what makes a movie good to me - screenwriting, character personalities, cinematography, realism

[note 2]
list sins
be less OCD
improve multitasking - speedread, proper typing, healthy diet, stable life

it seems you cna do whatever you want, it just requires some learning [getting past the learning curve?]. so all you need to do is find out what you like
don't worry about money - music? go for it! president? sure!--very possible, business like personality, in some office, hard working like Jon Stewart
in media, i don't need other people's opinions. I just need facts/videos of the subject. I don't like documentaries, that VH1 series, pundits, etc. [but empathy is good]
be a businessman? I like maintenance--you research and learn how things work, it also has the financial appeal--investing, helping others
improvisation/originality - freestyle, jazz, smash, chess
bed table - to read
do some programming excercises to get a better design mindset

social graph: least sociable/learn whatever he likes/not efficient - matt->seung->me->ivar->toasty - selfless/help others/social/appreciate others
time - family/learn/work (make money)
need to spend time/thank the people that helped me (dolly, teachers [must have the interest to learn?], dad, mom, shila, friends) be less selfish/personal

[note 4, copied on 6/18]
hrm, now i'm able to see what "adults" do in everyday life. Well, at home, not work. Drink, eat, cook, play games, taxes, go on trips, laundry, wash dishes...not difficult.
start writing scripts/lyrics/etc., write down all thoughts and ideas
what is it about japan that I want so bad? I think it's family. Less isolation, more social family fun activities. I could start by cooking at home and helping mom.
CS entry level -> mid level -> leader/other business aspect - all this was was a delay, something to make money until I find myself
business, where ot start? dad's hotel/motel -> my own business -> run it, then find managers to take over
invest in friends and family
do i need to be successful to be happy?--family/farm
try eHarmony/match.com anonymously
owning a business requires me to be at home or near the busniess for most of the time. How can i be a businessman and live in other countries? Buy businesses in other countries? But I wouldn't be as successful as local companies
i should just think and write my thoughts down one day
...but I can't do a 8-5 job, i need to be the manager

[phone note]
i don't think any of the old kids generation have found love. It's just too difficult to find in a suburban area--low chance. They settled.
...more?

[some more recent note, copied on 6/18]
i've lived a media heavy life, loving to escape to my dream life
i wouldn't mind working, as long as i enjoy it
my stive for originality wants differnt jobs and to move to different countries (environments)...but the 30 yr old married life is near
a girl i would like would be easy to find in a city

[note on the day of seung's call]
call seung, tell him to stay at my house, forget about school, figure it out later
blame self/guilty/feels like he's a burden to others
revisit past problems, needs closure
needs to be nurtured
parents - ???, not there
tell parents? - wake up call vs more harm
friday - tell seung:
	I probably didn't say the right things, after talkin to you yesterday, *i* feel bad that you feel that your are a burden. so...
	Never take what i say seriously. Don't feel guilty/burden. Yesterday was the first time in my life you have been a burden.
	tell him that i have many sins against him.
	joking - fat/personality
	i come and take you because:
		1) you're my friend, and i don't have many, especially with similar taste/intellect
		2) i like helping people--financially, emotionally, whatever
		
sidenotes:
being close to seung would be beneficial for myself! do it!
works the sister/mom problem out

[recent agenda thoughts]
concentration problem during daytime linked to inability to listen to music during the daytime, constant daydreaming
waking up 1 hour early, feels good....well, until i crash late afternoon

6/29/2010 - after reading the article on DSPS, but this was written to be shown on my profile
I may have DSPS, which has led me to live a less social life and a more media-heavy one.
It may have contributed to a more independent, stress-free always happy life too though.
Well, mostly because I don't live in a very stressful environment...

6/30/2010
I never understood why people say, "i hope you're doing well" or anything similar to that. After seeing others suffering, i understand now.
Hmph, i must be a happy person to not have understood that.

7/01/2010
eh, i have time to improve. Small changes count. I'll have to start by stop going through my things to do list, and live a less documented life, like ivar. If i did whatever i want, i would be in Donald Glover's position.

8/30/2010
i don't just want to travel to touristy locations and partake toursity excursions, i want to LIVE in new areas around the world
i don't need to do programming jobs, i'd enjoy anything that has people around. It's just that i went to school for programming and it pays well and has many opportunities
i should pursue my dreams of being a musician/director/etc, but i guess hampton roads and my programming job has gotten me to the point where i'd rather travel for my twenties, and worry about dreams/married life for my thirties

9/19/2010
[old note] - movies remind me of what's important in life: love family, don't sweat the small stuff

11/29/2010 - long conversation with jason about personal ambition
I think some people are content with the way they are living. They watch the superbowl every year, play the next new mainstream game or movie, continue with their boring job and marry. Attending all family events, some local events, and some sight-seeing vacation. They're happy...but unambitious

All of my close friends had similar life experiences and views.
We're second generation asian americans. We do not fit with the other asians*
*other asians - these are asian cliques who don't assimilate with american life, think they are cool by buying into mainstream culture ("the next cool thing), but aren't because they aren't being themselves.
	for first generation indians who went to ODU, there may be a barrier
	but for american born asians, there is no excuse.
	the indians of my generation, are generally failures. They either waste their parent's money, have no ambition, and end up working through their parents. Only those who went to specialized schools (medical, law) are exceptional. Females do not count, because most major in a useless degree and will most likely marry into money.

We're a bit more intelligent, more ambitous. 
The Don once said [paraphasing], "The people who move to Bombay made something of themselves, the people who stayed in the village, didn't. The people who went to Bombay become smart. The people in the village do fine, but are spoiled and become lazy living at home with their family". I believe this applies to the US too.

asians are:
morally right - would never do wrong unless uninformed
fiscally safe - would never take an idea, spend a ton of time and money on it by taking loans without knowing the outcome

partially, the reason why asians aren't in the entertainment industry/media (tv, film, game) is because strict asian parents didn't allow the child to develop and choose what they want to do.


don't follow the career path, do what you want to do!


[old note]
goal - 3x citizenship, 3x apartment, US, new zealand, japan or south korea

12/01/2010 - shila khaki's best friend died
i wonder how i would react to a close death...would i stand strong 'cause i'm not as emotional as others?

12/02/2010 - recent/recurring thoughts, post programming job, mom's psychosis[?]
focus on aspirations, get away from house chores/helping family/helping others
do what you want to do!

should take mom to india for 3 months, and help her myself by finding things to do, setting small goals, seeing all the townspeople

12/05/2010
[old note - i think it's characteristics my closest friends possess, and what i'd look for in a girl?]
do what you like without conforming to society
be positive, always happy
intellect
diverse art appreciation
appreciation of differences in people

12/09/2010 - old phone notes
bring my car, eat, and leave early at every event i don't care about
offer godfather services
live anywhere and help everyone around

get a house in rural, but work in the city or buy a cottage for small trips
automate all businesses - motel/hotel accounting math, etc.

12/15/2010
just took a MTBI test. I'm an INTJ!

here are some things I need to work on:
On a personal level, the INTJ who practices tolerances and puts effort into effectively communicating their insights to others has everything in his or her power to lead a rich and rewarding life.
their greatest potential pitfall is the tendency to think about things rather than doing them, and their difficulty reconciling reality with their inner visions
should consciously remember to be aware of others' emotional needs

http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTJ.html
http://intjcentral.com/manual1
http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFP.html - Enver/Shila/Sheetal

Don't Get Isolated! Recognize the value that the external world represents to you, and interact with it in the style that's natural to you. Join clubs and internet e-mail lists that house in-depth discussions of topics that you're interested in. Seek and foster friendships with others of like competence and capacity for understanding. Extravert in your own style.

12/27/2010
remember to have fun, like Payal's family
It's possible to work AND have fun. Take some time off to do it. It could lead to new friends and opportunities.

12/29/2010 - Enver's a 'serial banger' [read as an It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia title]
discovering Enver, a role model of mine, has a hypersexuality psychology is...surprising
i've heard of many guys who just want to bang girls, but I don't hang out with these guys. They're often insignificant frat dudes. I guess it's odd to find a great person who has this trait.
i think i've always avoided guys with this trait. Just categorized them into having a bad personality, and did not care about them.
this may be why i never wanted to get too close to Prosser. Sure he's smart, but all he talks about/wants to do is bang a girl. He says this in the open. In retrospect, I think i've always shied away from him because of it.
Maybe that's what it is...I've discovered a close friend of mine to has a 'bad' trait ['Bad' in my personality's perspective]. If i knew this before, would I have become close freinds with him? Hmmm, I don't think so...I think i would have slipped away, not wanting to get close to him...

Oh there's so much I don't know about people...I think it's more that I don't dwell on other's thoughts/pyschology, I just focus on my own

did having strict parents affect Enver? Did having my own space when i was young help me become a good person?

more on my INTJ personality:
i'm only interested with things that would improve my current state. For example, if a TV is near me, i'll look away and start daydreaming, because there is nothing the TV can offer--neither entertainment or knowledge
if people are gossiping, I'll also focus on something else.
even directions have to be concise or else I may drift off.

01/31/2011 - after a bus ride home, snooping in on conversation
While sitting in public transportation vehicles or waiting for my food at at a restaurant, I've been snooping in on conversations. Many of them share the same liberal opinion of anti-corporation/capitalist, green environment, thrifty spending, flawed healthcare, flawed government, etc. It's nice that people are liberal-minded, but most people who have these statements or even facts, don't really do anything about it. They have the idea of what's morally right, but I don't imagine many of them going through with a plan and making a difference, it's just talk. Hippies come to mind here. Nice idea, but live self self-indulging lives.

Maybe there is a correlation between liberals and artists. They often share similar personalities (extrovert, emotional). Artists need business personalities to do the work. Maybe that's why software developers and designers work together so well. The creative people have an idea, and the developers go through with it, creating a successful startup company. People just need to come together, with an appreciation of all personalities.

--

I hear a lot of people mention how great it was in the past. How you could leave your front door open, knowing nothing wrong would occur. How love meant something. How the elderly were treated honorably. How you didn't have to worry about your kids getting molested by a pedophile.

I question this. I'm guessing the same amount of evil existed then as there is now, it's just that technology/mass media has allowed everyone to witness all of the evil that goes on now. In America's case, TV news made overdramatized this. People just weren't aware of the wrongdoings going on in the world. Sometimes, people just confuse what's wrong with what's different/non-conforming. What's worse, gothic clothing or racism? The War on Terror or World War II?

[after writing down the last thought, then wikipedia'ing 1950s-2000s and postmodernity]
The world seems to be progressing. Many countries have gained independence or experienced decolonization. Hopefully intelligence will keep rising, making a socially better world.

Hmm, maybe my thoughts/ideas have already been elaborated and scribed into wikipedia pages about sociology.

--

after seeing the "59 really short shorts under an hour" play
This play proves that even the smallest thoughts are worth writing down. Just the idea, without development, is good enough.

--

an old thought
What's the difference between chuck taylor's and any designer shoe? Chuck taylor's is  the alternative, yet it's grown so popular, that it's become the mainstream. If only people would buy what they liked without being affected by public opinion…

02/04/2011 - cleaning agenda, copying old thoughts down

art, interest, self expression
Art is just self expression. You do whatever you want to do in the world, whatever interests you, helped by inspirations, without letting any external factors affect your path. Any sort of development can be seen as art: programming, crafting, planting, writing. Therefore, I consider art as work on any medium where the individual is able to express him/herself.

skull guy
interests as a child, no constraints, but no kids/family either
I met a guy who collects skulls (along with a few other bones). This would be considered weird or even crazy to the public. It isn't.

The guy was just interested in science. He said it probably started with dinosaurs. What kid doesn't like dinosaurs? It's now apparent on the internet that most kids find dinosaurs cool with media such as dinosaur comics or raptor memes. The discovery of dinosaur fossils, the difference of facial features that can prove evolution, owning a fossil dated in the Cambrian period, it's all extremely interesting, so why show fear or judge this guy for owning some skulls (Well, I can see how owning human skulls can be creepy…)?

Sure, the guy probably didn't attract any girls. Let's assume he was a fanatic about his skull interest (He actually wasn't, it was just a hobby). This would lower the chance of relationships because such a large population think conservatively. Is self expression worth the loss of relationships/being labeled as "weird"? A definitive yes. Fuck those other people, they need to learn how to appreciate everyone and everything.

--

thoughts while writing the above
the battle between the business personality and art personalities
those that favor a conservative, family shielding, suburban, tightly-knitted, incestial community vs a liberal, do what you want, learn as you go (from experience), with more focus on the individual

me
getting labeled as weird due to weird interests such as art films, indie music, non-standard methods/solutions in day-to-day life, a lack of care for clothing/etiquette/class/race/people I considered to be boring/having a business personality--these are the things I considered unimportant and often completely ignored, the lack of emotions thanks to my INTJ personality doubled the effect earning me the descriptive adjective "soulless"

2/13 - cleaning agenda

anti-capitalist, liberalism, artist

san francisco - no judging, artist, creative field

new
I am boring. My interests are either too obscure or too real for popular engagement.

2/14 - 5/14
[todo: maybe have to check phone for notes here]

5/15
I have to make a choice.

I'm a jack of all trades. I want to do everything--film, music, and video games. It's impossible to do all three (unless I independently do them all…). But if I want to make money, I have to choose one. Go to school for it. Invest in it. Do it because I want to and love doing it. I've got to choose one.

Cinematography? I need my projector back!
Musician? Just take some piano classes? Some music theory classes? An education may not be required for the type of music I want to make…but it would help. I need my stereo system back!

That's it. The investment shall go into a film career. I should have waited and thought about this after High School. How the fuck is an 18 year old supposed to pick what they want to do?

5/20
There's a ton of thoughts written elsewhere--other text files or my phone

A large problem of mine is that I do things out of convenience or allow money to play a part. I need to follow through with big ideas, at whatever the cost.

4/20
Found this going back in my agenda. It's a list of reasons why I wanted to leave my job, ideas for writing a resignation letter.

busy work, no learning, nothing new, quantity over quality, marketing based, uncreative, boring, unfulfilling, prefer small startup, menial, i see no change in the future, not professional, no fun.

5/25 - blogged
Had a thought about me trying to explain the small amount of creative companies that I'd want to work for.

Dreamworks is making Shrek 4 because the upper management know it will make money no matter what the quality of the end result is. Shrek one was a huge success, so marketing capitalized it and turned it into a franchise. This limits the creativity of the team, probably forcing some of visionaries to quit because of it. Upper management probably makes rough deadlines. One Shrek movie per year. The company is now shit. Just like that.

This happens to companies in any entertainment industry. Shrek the video game was probably handed off to some studio, restricting creativity, limiting quality to a tough deadline, resulting in more shit.

Only a handful of quality companies become large and successful companies--Pixar, Apple, Blizzard. So that leaves a few large companies and few independent studios that favor quality of money.

I need to find a job within one of these companies, make a steady paycheck in a good work environment. Learn the technical stuff. Use my free time to work on other aspirations--music/film/games, to make something of my own. Create a company, or one with friends. Personally invest in myself, or pray for an angel investor. Is this the only path in such a money-whoring world? Maybe I should just forget money completely. Become a traveling artist, a bum in most's eyes.

6/1
My two largest internal conflicts.
1. The concern of money
2. Not being able to "just do it"

6/6
an old unposted Facebook status
is on a life-long pilgrimage of self-improvement. Using random media as inspiration. The realization that time is precious, not just a film cliche, bearing down upon him. So much wasted time. Left the comforts of a suburban family home for an efficient city to effectively allocate time into aspirations and joy. Stepping back to see life on a higher level, akin to a child's view. Wanting to free himself of the concern of money. Possible? Very.

He still feels he is behind. Adrian Veidt gave his all of his money to charity when he was seventeen. Donald Glover wrote 30 Rock when he was 23 and released his first music CD when he was 24. He feels he has nothing. Achieved nothing. Wasted time.

The idea was to use programming as a source of income while creating film and music in spare time, but programming is often a time consuming job itself. The next stint must have a better life/work balance. The commute must be short. No free time should be wasted upon petty small ideas.

Tough for some. Not for his personality and intellect. Very possible.


6/7
an old thought that came up during a bus ride
My background isn't extrodinary because I've been restricting myself from aspirations due to certain asian genes. I followed a rather normal, financially safe path...to have money for myself and my future, although I never really felt poor. I'm just a miser. It wasn't until I moved to San Franciso, commuting via public transporation two hours one way, when I realized that time is not only money, but life.

I always wished I could follow my aspirations--make films, music, go through with ideas. I never did. I couldn't. I'm taking the Ikiru path, and it's very difficult to break it. It's embedded in my genes.

Anyway, I'm not a great programmer. I just have very good taste. I can easily point of the flaws and pros of a foreign film or independent record. Good taste translates to good design.

I often think about how I can optimize my life. This must be the engineer gene. I figure out the most efficient method to get repetitive things done, so I can focus on more important aspirations.

Sometimes I have amazing profitable ideas, other times they are personal, only making sense to me, artistic perhaps.

My largest flaw is that I'm a jack-of-all trades. I enjoy learning how the world works. I can spend hours digging deeply into Wikipedia concepts, but the knowledge is just temporary. I learn how everything works on a somewhat high level. Getting all the details requires too much time. I'd have to either be personally interested or paid to look into the details.

I get this from my Dad. He knows how everything works--businesses, cars, home improvement, people, all of it. After helping plan a wedding, my Uncle sincerely titled him as the Godfather. That's what describes him best. He's a jack-of-all trades, yet he has so many achievements. He came from India with two large bags and now is a part owner of a La Quinta, a motel, an amazing custom built house.

6/8
For the first time in my life, I did nothing. I didn't make a list of things to do or complete them. I put everything aside, and just lived. Just watched people, tried to think of some ideas, but never really doing anything in particular and it feels like I've accomplished just as much as I did with a things to do list.


What's the point of learning everything (school, books, etc.) if you're not going to apply it? You need to start a project, then use the books to help along the way.

6/9
I think the reason why I never previously was able to do thing, was because I wasn't motivated. Not motivated to write a program, or help the open source community. Not motivated to make film or music. This is because I didn't take the time to think of an idea. The idea is the motivator. The idea is needed to push me to do the work.

6/10
I just realized how long drawing takes. I think that's the difference between artists and engineers. Engineers want to get things done efficiently, artists have to take the time to get it the way they want. This may be why I never complete large ideas. It takes too long. The payoff has to be worth the time.

6/??
explaining Super Smash Bros. to a non-player
SSBM is a strategy game with a physical requirement. That is, to get to a professional level of play, you do need to reach a certain physical requirement which requires practice. After that point it becomes strategy, and the smartest always win.

American sports are physical games, meaning a physical better player can beat a tactically smarter player. This is why soccer and hockey are regarded higher than American sports. In soccer or hockey, a physically normal person can have great achievements. Wayne Gretzky being the perfect example. He's physically normal, but he know how to play the game, know when to play safe, know when to take opportunities, use knowledge to exploit the game.

Due to that physical requirement, SSBM is by no means a perfect tactical game such as chess, but it holds its own. I'd argue it is far more complex. In chess you are given strict rules of what you can/cannot do--a king can only move one space in all directions. Similarly in Smash, you have a character with a given move set. But Smash has a lot more other factors--stages, approximation of hitboxes, game anomalies, etc. I imagine if you and your opponent chose the same character, you would essentially be playing a pure tactical game, such as chess (assuming both players are nearly physically equal).

So, SSBM is more comparable to Starcraft and Street Fighter 3, which they too has a physical requirement of hand-eye coordination to reach a pro level but becomes tactical after that, many factors (maps, unit hatboxes, build order/resources). Both games are overly complex to the point that no human can play a perfect game. They are so complex that new exploits are being found 10 years after the game was made.

At the same time are the most entertaining, possibly because of how complex  it is.

It's possible that Super Street Fighter 4 (a little less so with SSBB) maybe a better competitive video game, as it has a low physical requirement, but still remains a strategic game, in which the smartest players still win.

Yet, these are not as entertaining. Hmm.

I guess any fighting game can be considered successful by my definition, as the smarter player will always win. Eh.

Hmm, I can't verbalize what makes this previous games so entertaining above SSF4 or chess. Maybe I haven't gotten into chess. But I think it has to do with playing tactically. No, creatively! YES. Creativity. In a strict ruleset such as SSF4, one might feel more restricted. I'm sure there are new tactics evolving in SSF4, but in the previous games, creativity is abundant, due to the large amount of factors/rules that make up the game.

This allows for more creativity, an ever-evolving game. Sure, more radical than the former games, but creativity is exciting! The game of chess is done: generations have played it, there are books that explain tactics--what to do to counter your opponent in a given situation, there maybe be an ounce of creativity that only a prodigy chess player could find, but for the most part, its over. Video games are new. There's a new set of rules with many tactics waiting to be found out! This, I believe, is what creates so much excitement in those previous games.

Creativity. How fitting.

6/16
me trying to explain why a popular news event is not important to me

Why should I care for this popular new event? It is insignificant as any other in it's class. It does not affect me in any way. It does not help me to know that Anthony Weiner's wiener is on twitter and it doesn't help any further to hear a hundred other pundits opinion on the situation. The event  should only be allotted 30 seconds of my time. Just a summary of what happened, and that's it, nothing more.

I would argue that staying up to date on popular news and art (films, music, etc.) is a negative factor, as you can allocate that time to doing things you are interested in.

I guess if you're tired working after a 8 hour day, viewing popular entertainment is okay, for the sake of pure entertainment, to make you temporarily happy. But you're not learning anything.

Oh, I can also see it being helpful socially to start a conversation, but even then, it's not providing any useful conversational points, as the subject is insignificant.

6/17
another imaginary conversation. The psychological analysis of Munaf
Nirav asks, what do you think of of Munaf?

I think he has a psychological or specifically a behavioral problem. I've always felt that he tries too hard to fit in [society], often displaying over-the-top actions to get attention. This is similar to Ruchit's behavioral problem. Ruchit also partakes in ridiculous actions to fit in, never being genuine.

why is Iron Man better than other blockbuster superhero movies?
'Cause the character portrayed by Robert Downey Jr. adds a real human element to it, absent in other films. If RDJ was replaced by a lame actor, then it would have been as bad as Fantastic Four. RDJ (and the screenwriter) MADE that film, just as Heath Ledger MADE the Dark Knight (although that did have much better direction).

alternative medicine?
I think that alternative medicine (yoga, herbalism, etc.) is good indirectly. Although doing yoga or martial arts will not cure a disease, it will make you healthier, think clearly compared to someone who drinks caffeinated beverages, eats carbs--having a bad blood sugar cycle, and generally a volatile lifestyle. I think this is partly the approach that buddhism takes too.

how to overcome behavioral problems, such as OCD related ones:
identify the problem, eliminate it (or cheat). For me, this was putting all of my things to do list in a folder (away from my desktop), forgetting about it, and moving on. I also reduced all of my personal possessions to two bags before I departed to San Francisco.

6/23'ish
Raymond has taste. Taste is not affected by popular opinion. People think Raymond is a troll because he has taste. A troll being someone who chooses the contrary opinion for the sake of controversy.

Like Raymond, I have taste too. I'm just not social as he is, so I am not blamed as a troll, more like an alien. Alienated from society for having an opinion. Part of the social problem is that I have trouble vocalizing why I like things. Sometimes it's difficult to exactly why I like things. I could analyze my own thoughts, but that's awkward.

People just have an ignorant perspective.

7/7
During the past few weeks, here at home, I've been thinking a lot. Mostly because I am unemployed and not working on anything. I've slowly been coming to term with my own personality, who I am. I'm a lone adventurer, who embarks on his own path, experiencing everything personally, with an open heart. Nobody's opinion has influenced me in another direction. Every choice I make is composed purely of my own judgement and feeling.

Living in a house near family and friends restricts my personal adventures. I never turn down favors, and I'm quite technical, so I'm often helping others. A job in a company feels the same. I'm just helping someone else. "It's nothing personal, just business". None of it is satisfying as a personal adventure.

Now that I've come closer to knowing myself, I think I know what I can be. Using my personal experiences and expressing it through a medium, I think I could be a great artist. I feel that I have the taste and vision of one.

Only a small percent of people have the intelligence and ambition of my close friends. An even smaller percent have my personality. Even less have the opportunity. Being part of such a small group, I almost feel obligated to be an artist.

another thought:
My Facebook profile listed under activities, "attacking my endless list of things to do while the music keeps me going". Hopefully that has changed now.

7/?
have to find a media to express myself

7/23 - after wikipedia'ing boho
Been a long time. I've had down time, waiting a few weeks at home before I could move, then searching for apartments in NY. A very uncreative/waste of time. Although it did remind me of the average lifestyle.

Is the bohemian culture a public secret society? Many prominent figures can be associated with the characteristics of bohemian culture. Maybe going through with a creative life is actually a great thing.

7/27
A good answer is never simple or black and white. Maybe that's why I said "I don't know" throughout my life.

I think a rich family (bourgeois) is more likely to have children that follow a wrong path in life than a poor family (proletariat). Only in a bourgeois envorinment allows you to make that mistake. Maybe the children in the poor family suffer at an earlier age, inspiring them to live out their dreams. Maybe I didn't know what to do in my life until I worked 9-5. Before that, I wondered directionless. After that, I've found direction.

8/1 but written in my agenda on 7/14
Life Goals / Philosophy
1. Do what I want to
2. Live a simple life
3. Help others achieve 1 and 2

8/3 old
understand why people cannot make events
I don't mind if somebody does not show up to an event. I understand that in the current world (9-5, family, friends, personal things to do) people are busy, too busy, can't think straight. So I don't mind when a person cannot make it to an event, I understand.

Dad
So main story goes: Dad came with a friend with two bags and over the span of 40 years became a millionaire+, owns hotels/motels, raised a family, helped the community grow (temple, aahoa), helped many others with his skills (plan marriages, give loans, teach how to run a business, plan events). All of this through work, nothing was given.

I think more important than intelligence is the appreciation of others. The appreciation of difference. Rather than seeing the world as black an white, critically think why.

I never understood the concept of passing time, as if life is so boring that we must pay money to pass time. It's these people that say "want to watch a movie?" and watch a terrible movie. I watch movies because I want to, not to pass time.

Missed Project
I missed out on making Duck Tape. It sucks to want to do something so bad and never get to it, but worth learning that this happens commonly amongst artists. A missed opportunity. An idea that goes to waste.


not too old, after wikipedia'ing boho
the anarchy of capitalist production that results in instability and cyclical crises of overproduction

the atomized individuals of mass society lose their souls to the phantom delights of the film, the soap opera, and the variety show. They fall into a stupor, or apathetic hypnosis, that Lazarsfeld called the 'narcotizing dysfunction' of exposure to mass media

Amartya Sen's theory of "development as freedom" states that the growth of individual capital, that is, "talent", "creativity", and "personal ingenuity", is more significant than the growth of many other measurable quantities, e.g. production of products for commodity markets.

Political role in advanced capitalism
Since the '50s, when cinema, radio and TV began to be the primary or the only source of information for a larger and larger percentage of the population, these media began to be considered as central instruments of mass control. Up to the point that it emerged the idea that when a country has reached a high level of industrialization, the country itself "belongs to the person who controls communications."

Mass media play a significant role in shaping public perceptions on a variety of important issues, both through the information that is dispensed through them, and through the interpretations they place upon this information. They also play a large role in shaping modern culture, by selecting and portraying a particular set of beliefs, values, and traditions (an entire way of life), as reality. That is, by portraying a certain interpretation of reality, they shape reality to be more in line with that interpretation.



8/7
Enver currently lives a "work hard, play hard" philosophy. He's lived this way since I've met him. Is this intrinsic (by nature) or extrinsic (by environment - capitalist society)? He's very self-indulgent (overeating food, using every chance to see friends, using every chance to see girls, etc.). Is this bad? Not really. Just another way to live. He simply loves life. However, this hinders him from achieving long-term goals, such as having a career in acting.

Just had a thought about taking family/freinds up to my apartment (in whichever city I currently live in), and teach the ways of a simple life. Teach them to be self-sufficient, help the world (non-profit, voluntary), and do what they want (arts).

Another thought that just came up after reading an old one: Jonathan Blow once said, ~"Everything in the world is competing for MY time"

8/12
I think I've recently come to the compromise of working at a for-profit job for money, as long as it enhances the skills for my personal aspirations (video game programming or film directing).

8/13
I've recently noticed blatant, repeated advertisements everywhere. Does marketing simply mean repetition? Thinking back to "Exit Through the Gift Shop" now. Maybe.

When an investor invests in a video game, or any media, they expect profit, so the developer has to somewhat follow a marketable guideline. The only way for a more creative startup to begin is to have an investor who doesn't care for profit.

While watching Air Doll
You forget that the people you see actually have lives.

Finding a job is odd. I'm actually competing to get the job, although I just want to do it for some money and skill. I feel weird without one.

After watching
I really need to stop fucking around and focus on the important things. I also should realize more things, especially people. Meet a girl.

I think I also want to be a cinematographer, possibly over a director.

8/17
I noticed that I'm very career oriented. All I care about is my work. Anything/Anyone just slows me down. This doesn't quite fit the society norms. People take time to relax; I don't.

8/18
I guess I'm not too different from Rorshach or Batman. They both work non-stop, trying to focus on one thing, without taking the time to step back and think things through. I wonder if Alan Moore is similar to Rorshach at an earlier point in life, then became more like Veidt

Life moves at a different pace when living with another person. Compromises are made. Although it has slowed me down, I'm glad to have experienced this.

People come to America from an undeveloped country for human development (health, education, crime, etc.). People also come to America from developed countries, for the diversity. I may get bored living in a country where 99% of the people consists of a single race. Of course, I'd live in any country for a short period of time. I just need to remember, work is more important than exploration. This must be balanced.

after louie s2e4
"The business never gets better, but you do it because you love it more than anything else. It's a calling."


8/19
Had a thought about giving advice to someone growing.

You can do whatever you want, if you are willing to. Older people may say, become a scalability engineer (niche/safe) or a doctor (money). You shouldn't restrict yourself to certain positions. When you were a kid, people would say, you can become an astronaut, an actor, or a surgeon. I believe that is better advice. Not because it offers hope, but because it reinforces the notion that you can do whatever you want.

When you were a kid what did you want to do? Now what do you want to do? It may change again in 5 years. As long as you are doing what you want to do, even if you are not largely successful or rich, you will be happier than doing something don't want to do.

8/20 - a thought about giving a speech in front of indie game audience
I am not here to explain why the current game industry is extremely uncreative, this problem exists in all media, and the independents will always rant about it. This is a capitalist society, this problem exists, and I don't offer a way to fix it.

All I can offer is that same old speech about hope. Changing your perspective of the dark world to a world of possibilities.

I personally do this by financially supporting artists I believe are great and pay them a mediocre salary to live off of. For every media…*thought ends*

8/23
It seems being a successful independent video game developer is the most difficult of all entertainment industries. Should I choose film instead? 

To make a living with games, I'd have to work for a mainstream company or work at startups. With film, I could work at an educational/informational production studio.

Eh, fuck all that. Just do whatever you want. If you make something good, publishers will come flocking.


My goal in life is not: to make money. A clever idea or twist to to a popular idea is not enough for me. I don't mind thinking of the idea and pawning it off to some venture capitalist, but I wouldn't have the motivation to go along an idea in which the basis is money. The only thing I would be motivated to create, allocating all of my time to, is something I personally love. This is the problem of an artist in a capitalist world.


8/24
A thought about explaining to Sweta that Dad is creative.
Dad is creative. It may not seems so, as his work is mostly in hospitality, but he is very creative and ambitious. Most people who own motels/hotels are just business men who own things and let the employees do the work. Dad actually learns and does the technical work himself, often cutting the middleman. He learned how all of the systems (plumbing/electrical/architectural/computer) work. He did this by creatively solving problems and building a huge knowledgebase in the process.

It is tough to see if a person is creative. Is everyone creative, but just restricted it due living a conventional life?

8/26
A thought about a person asking me why I don't say much to certain people.

I guess it's because I seperate people into two stereotypes. People who are boring slaves to the capitalist world, and those who are trying find themselves, being themself, often creative, very appreciative and considerate to others and the world around, having a somewhat proportional perspective in life.

If you belong to the former stereotype, then I become uninterested in you. There is nothing I want to talk about with you...except maybe questioning why you are that way and what is stopping you from becoming the latter stereotype.

Maybe it's because I'm so selfish that I only seek new things for my knowledge/interest. If you have nothing new to offer me, then I wouldn't talk to you.

8/27
After learning the technical parts of a skill, does it become so easy that you can implement whatever is on your mind, or is it always difficult?


9/6 - a very thoughtful day, mostly of the past
Few people in the world have the opportunity that I do. Little to none social/health/financial problems. Parents raise kids to an open environment so that they can achieve whatever they like. I have to make sure I don't squander this.

Within those few people, many of them still somehow complain about life. Do they not see that their perspective is wrong? They are so lucky, and would like to be further baby-fed on how to live life.


A piece of media in which the motivation is profit is useless. All of the work, time, and the time of the people who experience it is a waste. It does not change anything, or display something innovative, thought-provoking to either the audience or mankind. One minute's experience of media in which the motivation was art/personal is more useful than all of the popular media combined.

I'd only work in a non-artistic position because it's the only way to make money in a capitalist country.

Why go on a cruise? You pay to sleep in a moving hotel and stop at artificial areas. I'd much rather live in another country, absorbing the culture in the process. The family excuse isn't enough either, I value the time I'm with them on a normal day. Watching Harry Potter with Sheetal and talking to her about her current life status is far more valueable than a cruise. Personal conversation doesn't occur in a large group.

The only schooling a human needs is the basics. Possibly only up to middle school (JD dropped out of high school). After that the kid can do whatever he/she likes.
College is backwards. Or at least at the age of 18, it is. College teaches people the fundamentals of a subject. Which is good, but can be demotivating. A better approach would be to start doing whatever you like, then when you want to sharpen your skills, you take some college courses. Choose the courses that fit your current project or interest, so you can apply them immediately.

9/19/11
cyncism

after seeing "Tranquility: Be not disturbed at Trifles, or at Accidents common or unavoidable." from Benjamin Franklin's virtues. Maybe the most creative time for people is showering and vacation because this is the time people are most calm. When they are away from work and distraction (computer).


9/22/11
My life can be seperated into few activities. Work, explore/learn, and family (and friends). That's it. I just have to balance it. Should I focus on a career, move to Japan, or attend family events? The current order is career, explore, family. It will change when I want a vacation or have my own family.

9/26/11
I'm not programming for the sake of programming. I'm programming for the sake of art.

9/27/11
http://skinnyartist.com/why-art-school-sucks/
http://skinnyartist.com/are-you-afraid-to-be-an-artist/

T skinny artist and many others have gone through the same process of discovering that they are an artist, find the time to do it, then do it. I wonder if everyone is an artist, but just get stuck in routine, never making time for it. I guess everyone can be an artist. Everyone has thoughts, a personal opinion. They probably also want to display it, but they just do not have the technical skill to transfer their thoughts to a medium. They feel that they need to go to school to do it, since that is the conventional route. Or maybe they do not have the money to use the time to get there. Actually, I believe everyone has time, they just need to make room for it. Whether poor or spoiled, it's possible.

9/28
Art is not a job, it's a personal urge.

A solution for an artist living in a capitalist country: Work for a short-term high-income contract, then live simply and work on art for a long period of time.

10/2
Maybe after experiencing so much media, I've exhausted it temporarily. Instead of media, I should experience people. Talk to them, about life. I've explored myself enough for now.

10/8
Making video games just seems a little more doable. Maybe that's why I'm choosing it over film. Ah well. I'll give it my best shot for the next few months, gauge how motivated I still am by the end of it. Then switch to film? Or do them both concurrently?
Really neeed to start drawing and making music. Both complement video games and film.

10/12
I don't think I'm too different from Anthony. He's very considerate, hard-working, frugal. He works all day on his music. He's self-employed. He told me he couldn't do a 9-5. I don't think I can either. I don't think either of was want to allocate that much time into something that's not our own.

Ivar is a bit different. He seems content with doing a side job to get by. He's okay with passing time.


How do you begin with art? Choose a project too small, knowing it's going to be insignificant, you can lose motivation. Choose a project too large, and you can lose motivation to finish it.

10/14
After making two games, I realize anything really is possible if you have the motivation to do it. I've been choosing simple projects, but it seems and is logical that the best project to choose would be the one I want to do the most, no matter the difficulty. So, from now on, no more choosing the easy route.

10/15
Although I would enjoy learning/doing martial arts, cooking, breakdancing, and other cool somewhat useful skills that are more accessible to learn in a city, I think I'll always prioritize work/art over it. Creating video games and film wins my time.

You should be able to translate whatever is on your mind in the medium you are most comfortable with. That's art. Maybe you're currently into capitalism, then make something about it to express your feelings about capitalism. Maybe you just love the feeling of cooking, make something acorrding to that!

10/16
[should be under self-improvement] Wake up early, there's no need to be up late, never oversleep, never waste time, be optimistic, be more social

Then again, choosing an ambitious project first is not a good idea either. It would take a much longer time to create an ambitious project first, then to create it later, after a few small projects.

10/18
Should I be working on my own, doing personal art projects, or should I be doing something a little bit more social, like internships? To me an internship, for profit or for art, still counts as working for someone else. It's not nearly as satisfying as working independently. I also feel that I learn a lot more working alone. I experience the entire creative and work processes, whereas for an internship, my creativity would likely be limited or unused completely! I just have to make sure I go through with larger projects, projects that would trump anything I would have accomplished at an internship.

I don't feel that I'm doing that bad. I'm competing against kids from elite colleges and people with a passion. Then again, I know I'm not doing great.

10/19
A recurring thought. Media is distracting. So much time is wasted experiencing media. Facebook, TV shows, the Internet. It's much wiser to allocate that time into creating things.

Life is a balancing game. You have to balance work (for profit), art, family, friends, and free time.

More narrowly, you also have to balance daily life. I feel I am closer to my body than others are. I follow what my body signals me. During the day, I'm more creative; At night, I can get hard work done. I eat when my body tells me to, not becuase it's time to eat. I excercise when my body tells me to, often at night or especially after working in an office for 8 hours. I take breaks, strech, to step back and think about problems at a higher level. I eat protien for lunch to avoid a high blood sugar spike. I eat fruit and nuts at night because I feel like having something juicy, not grains or protien. I move around throughout the day, rarely sitting in the same position for a prolonged period of time. I use a yoga ball as a chair. I try to have a comfortable ninety degree angle for my legs and use a keyboard tray. I move my neck around a lot because after looking at a computer, it just doesn't feel right. That's the word: feeling. I go by feeling. My gut reaction.

I feel that this lifestyle is more healthy than one who bases their actions on time. A person who lives based on time may do some of the following. Eat at the same times, even though they woke up late. Excercise at set times, even though their body doesn't benefit from it. Work at a set time, such as working in the morning even if they're a late afternoon person. These people also aren't active throughout the day. If their activity were a graph, it would be a roller coaster. Eating a large lunch (high blood sugar), napping right after (low), working at a sedentary office job (low), heavy excercise / weightlifting (high), overeating again (low), etc. I'd associate this to the blood sugar / glucogen problem. Furthermore, when people have high blood sugar, they crash, being unable to focus. End up wasting hours on Facebook, or making their job feel even longer. This also makes them more suspectible to falling into a stupor and watching mass media. Or, they temporarily fix this by taking a drug: caffiene, 5 hour energy, ridilin, etc. 

Hm. So maybe carbs are to blame? Carbs, excercise, and motivation.

BLOG THE ABOVE!

EDIT: this is really bad for personalites that do not have self-control! Exemplified by that girl from the yelp elite empire state building event and Ivar.

10/23
My creativity comes from within me. To help me be creative, it helps to remove all distractions (computers, people talking) and have more space (or atleast not be staring at a wall), able to move around and think freely.

11/02
The more isolated I am from the industrial world, the more clearly I can think. Maybe the ideal lifestyle really is a simple lifestyle, i.e. Ghandi. Only then can one think on a higher level, placing everything in the world into the correct proportion of importance.

11/03
My mind is blown a at least once a week by art in which artists/scientists took years to create. This is what keeps me stable. Not a girl. Not parents. Art.

I look at any medium and I don't think any of them are easy. Games, film, comedy. It all requires a lot of motivation and hard work.

When an artist of a certain field looks at a piece of work within their field, he may feel more critical to it than the average audience. For example, if a graphic designer stumbles upon a website which uses the Helvetica font heavily, he may find it distracting, but if a non-designer looks at it, he may not feel anything. It's just a font. No emotions toward it. Maybe it looks plain or cool or ugly, but no strong emotion. I believe this is because the artist cares for their field, and wishes there was more originality and/or quality in products.
However, I personally do not do this. When I watch films or play games I don't think of anything technical. I just take it all in like anyone else.

Old thought/knowledge, but not sure if I ever wrote it down: People get used to things. A person who sees something for the first time can make the most clear judgement. After being around that thing for a while, you get used to it, forgetting the flaws. For example, the first time I came to New York, I though it was an extremely dirty place with trash bags line on the streets, garbage juice leaking from them, and wafts of garbage stench every few blocks. After living here for a while, I don't see it (...as much) anymore.

At first, I felt I "copped out" by going toward games instead of film, hinting that I did so because I have a programming background and still secure a stable job with it. Also because it's more accessible (can do it at home, whereas for film I likely need human help (mic holder, actors) and equipment). Now, just after a little over a month of making games, thinking about Jonathan Blows speeches, and just thinking, I feel games is the right choice. Mainly because games is of the time. There is so much more to explore in this medium than there is in film. It's easier to be a pioneer/innovator in games. And I truly am interested in it. Hopefully the interest stays a bit longer...

11/04
The more you find yourself, the more you know what you want/are interested in, the further you will get.

11/05
When I enter an event I'm mutually attracted to very few people. I'm usually attracted to people who are interested in the event (primary reason to come) and are able to talk about what interested them to come by feeling. The people who I am attracted to (and vice versa) are further narrowed down by personality. They often have self-control (unlike that crazy girl at the Yelp event), taste (easy to see through the style of clothing or their favorite media), an appreciation for all other personalities, good personal values, perhaps a passion, and experience.

11/06
Does the medium and artist works on even matter? Whether he writes books, directs films, or draws, the artist's expression is still being displayed.
Does the medium require technical experience before the expression is shown? Many artists first work shows characteristics of expression. It may not be polished, but the idea is still there.

People shouldn't ask, "what do you do?". That's limiting.
Ideally a person shouldn't think "I'm going to do these things today". It should be more free. On the day of, just wander and explore, then perhaps Later you may feel the need to express or test those explored concepts on a medium.


11/07
Most external factors in life do not make a great affect on me. Even if I grew up in the projects I think would have made it out, and perhaps even be in the same place as I am today.

11/08
Everything in the world competes for my time, and right now, doing/making stuff wins...most of the time.

just had a thought about giving a speech for career/life improvement...

1. Take care of your body. Listen to it.
possible problems: no self-control--overeat, overemotional, overthink. All of this affects the mind and takes away from the time you have for work. You should try to allocate as much time as you can into the thing you want most. Of course you have to balance in family and friend time too.

2. Take a step back from the world you live in. Then with a clear mind, think. Think about yourself. What do you want to do.
Remove all of the external factors in the world: capitalism, school, work, and just wander for a little bit.

For me, this occurs after every great media and sometimes when I'm alone in the city.

3. Do it.
You may think, you need to go to school, or get an internship, or learn how to do something. You are capable of doing whatever you want on your own. You have the internet. What's stopping you? Fear of failure? Start small. Repeat and you'll get better.

4. ...very few people make it this far
This is where I am...
Be consistent, don't stop?

11/09
Might be better for me to work like Robert (Anne's friend) does. Just pick up projects and jobs, even if I'm not experienced in them. Small projects in which I have creative power.

A person can be demotivated to work if he does not have an audience. What good is work, if no one sees it? I shouldn't need the satisfaction of the confirmation of others, yet it's not as fun without it.

11/12
I'm quite sure I could be a profitable flash game developer. This would allow me to travel freely around the world...

But I don't want profit. I want to make something more meaningful.

11/16
Pick up some local media jobs to keep me active. Part-time or contract. Or join up on a project - video game, film, or any media.

Long-term goals:
-win an award I think is valuable--IGF, Cannes/Venice/Berlin Film Festival, etc.
-travel, make stuff, help others

Hawaii - as long as I want?
Japan - 3 months, then need to look for a job that offers a visa


I believe there are less than 40 people in New York City that are making video games because they want to (not for profit)

11/18
Just had a long thought about me explaining to them how I made it and tell them how they can too.

11/21
Next move? SF, Hawaii, Japan, Canada (Toronto, Vancouver), New Zealand?, Asia? (3 months in each of Japan, China, Korea, Indonesia, etc.),

Interaction designers can be seen as a part of game development as player interaction is a key element in both.

11/23
After Ivar left for Thanksgiving break, my mind has went on a thinking tangent. Having someone nearby keeps me focused on work. Now that he's gone, I've just been thinking. On life, my future, family, friends.

I've said before, at my core I'm a vagabond. I like to explore, live, create. This can be seen as greedy as it takes away from family time. I just have to make sure I commnicate with my family and friends while I'm gone. Start using skype weekly. Go to India with my parents next time.

I would be okay with living in poverty as long as I'm doing the things I like. I'll only comprimise to a desk job if I need the money or social interaction.

It's no different then when I was young. Before, I used to explore neighborhoods on my bike. I still explore neighborhoods on my bike! But now I can go further, around the world. I also now have the confidence to make things. I have a much clearer mind. I'm healthy.

I really need to work on an art, with integrity, using everything I've got. No small projects, only ambitous ones.

How do I balance, exploration, art, and family? I want to live all over of the world, yet make a great artpeice which requires a lot of time, and somehow be at home periodically. What to choose?

I said before, at this age, I need to create. But is exploring also limited to this age? Is 30s+ all family time?

Go for it. Explore and try to create simultaneously. Go for that crazy exploration trip around the world.

Explore -> Discover -> Experience -> Inspire -> Create, repeat, and communicate with family throughout

Only the final product matters, not how you get there.

Hm. Should I contruct a side business that's somewhat profitable? Only if I am truly interested in it! That would still be considered being influenced by money. But still, that may be better than relying on contracts/part time jobs, 'cause that's working for somebody else.

11/24
Yep, an Asia trip. Do that for up to a year, then come back to SF (or a new city, like Toronto, Vancouver).

Hmm, the renowned Jet Programme is a 8-5 job. I don't know if I could stand a year of 8-5. It would only work if I love teaching or I'm not too busy teaching and can write some thoughts/ideas down.

Dunno if I can live in any country for too long without some sort of career going on.

I really just need to make art independently and travel as I wish.

The next time mom and dad go to India, just make an Asia trip before them, so I can fall back to India.

Hm, average 35 hours of teaching English. Not bad. I could still get work done. A lot of work done. Need to make sure the commute is short though.


There is less competition for larger goals. Strive for the impossible. The reward of achieving the impossible is most satisfying, and will fuel me throughout the project.

For the past few months, I've been making video game prototypes. It was great as I learned it is possible to create anything. But after just the first 7 days, I start lose interest in the project. This is because it is not large enough. I have to choose a very ambitious project that I really want.

11/25
I found this line in my japan job hunt.txt file, "resume ideas: all algorithms in school, in contrast work has been completely practical. No modeling/skteching. Think of the design, and implement it immediately." Interesting...

Go home. Move back to SF. Work on art. Then make an Asia trip in time when parents go to India. Then stay in India for some time, learn Gujarati (spoken and written). Travel India. Come home. Back to art in SF.

an old thought that reoccured after using limit function: Most knowledge is temporary. There's no point of memorizing something if you are not going to use it in the near future. You only need to learn what's needed for the current point in time.
BLOG THIS, after I finish the game. My use of component algorithm, factory pattern, limit, etc. Possible title: learn by doing, not learn then do, only the final product matters. Possible category: life lessons.

11/26
You have to balance creativity and work. If you're being creative most of the time, then you'll only create small artsy products. If you work most of the time, then you lose sight of creativity. You have to take breaks and alternate the time between creativity and work.

The only things worth learning and memorizing are human factors, design, and coordination.

11/26
To be a great programmer you have to be a well rounded person. I wonder if this is true for every profession.

"my first game, about finding yourself in a capitalist world" about sums up my current state in life

An addition to the life balance thought...
1. control your body - graph a bad and good schedule on a number line to demonstrate the differences
2. control your time - allocate as much time into your highest prioritized project. You can't be a jack of all trades and finish a project. I'm interested in martial arts, breakdancing, chess, and everything else too, but I only do those things during my free time. I don't let it take away from my main project's time.
3. do it

11/28
content vs ambitous, 35 rums, bourgois

11/29
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6hPkwe7hOE&feature=related

11/29
All of the thoughts and notes I have taken about my experiences could be transformed into something more permanent, such as a book, but even I wouldn't read that. I prefer a blog, so that any user can google a problem and hopefully see my thoughts about it.

old thoughts written on an art copy cover:
There are only two subjects that matter: Art and Science.

Like a kid in an adult world, anything is possible.

Why spend money to emulate a history film when a modern film will become history?

11/29
I checked a ton of Facebook profiles to see how many people had a link to their portfolio. None did. I only know a few friends that are actually making things; Everyone else do not have anything to show. They have not created anything outside form their work. A lot of Indians have business careers so I guess they're likely to work on their linked in profile instead. Many people from Hampton Roads never made it out of the city. Even my coworkers at Perfect World do not have one. They did all of their work for business. They're "young professionals" not artists.

11/30
When you are interested in something, pursue it to the fullest extent, publish a final product, then move on.

listen to your body - add this to the motivation speech blog!
continued from my personality has helped me to get where I am. Know the pros and cons of youself, try to improve youself to be a well-rounded person to reach a higher potential. Although my personality helpled me, I do not believe my personality exclusively can "make it". Define "make it" as pursuing your interest and being self-sufficient. There's a place for everybody in the world, there's a great/famous person of every personality.

I actually do need to work on the cons of my personality, especially regarding the recurring communication of close friends and family. Also need to take the lead on projects. Also need to communicate with the public more.

12/2
from my yelp profile, "I can objectively criticize food without being affected by other's opinions"

Black Friday youtube videos, an epitome of consumerism.

12/3
Giving in to a 8 hour job is losing in a capitalist country.

12/4
At this point, I'm just trying to find people with similar interests to make stuff with, and eventually become partners.

In order to feel useful, I have to take an interest and create a product out of it, otherwise it was all in my head. Know one would know I did anything.

12/5
It probably doesn't feel like you're working for someone else, if the thing you are working is of your own interest.

12/7
a note: In SF, take on small projects (personal and collaborative), internships, freelance, local stuff
consolidate thoughts/findings to my blog!

an old thought: My dad is a replica of me. He too explored and ventured; Out of India, into the US. Lived in SF Bay, NY, Philly, NJ, and some suburbs. He came to the US because he too had ambition and dreams. He went from 2 bags to a million dollars and built his own house. I think he also wanted to raise his kids in a better environment. He wanted them to have infinite opportunities. He wanted them to have the opportunities he could not reach himself. It is up to the kids to take advantage, explore, find themselves, and be somebody. It's a shame that the suburbs and wealthy background have poisoned the kids into living a beorgiosie life.

12/8
Experiencing things (reading Wikipedia, watching a film, exploring a city) is good, but it's equally important to create things (writing, filmmaking, city planning). Although, creating is an experience itself.

12/9
Stick to jobs that I am very interested in. Don't comprimise. Q.U.B.E., Zach and Koo's production studio, Double Fine productions, etc.

Make sure I have a current interest to pursue. A current project. Or else time will be wasted. If I do not have a current project I am enthusiastic about, then get inspiration from a movie, and hopefully one will come up.

12/10
Partake on large adventures (climb a mountain, hike a river, etc.), don't limit self to the city.

12/13
It's suprising how similar Jason is to me. He wants to live in Japan for some time. He wants to move to San Francisco and puruse a career in art. He's taken control of his body an time to be productive. He only enjoys working for things he's interested in. He has interests and ambition. I have these things too.

12/15
Suburbs. People go to work then come home to be entertained or to overeat. Is there no ambition to do something during all of this?

12/16
I feel like engaging in deep conversation with more people similar to me. To hear their view, and confirm my own.

Jason said coming back home is like going to the museum. There's things to see, but nothing has changed.

12/17
I was just thinking about the question Ivar asked--Will reading help [or improve people]? I answered, reading for the sake of reading is not helpful, you have to be interested in reading.

I still agree with this answer. When I was forced to read The Great Gatsby in high school, it was pure drudgery. I do not remember anything from the book, nor did I gain any value from reading it. Conversely, when I watch art films that I am interested in, I give it my full attention, replaying it to catch every detail, pausing it to reflect on my own life, gaining inspiration. The same thing happened for WATCHMEN. So experiencing the things I was interested in offered a lot more value than just plain reading.

12/20
Looking at my daily todo lists, the focus shifts from personal art (gamemaking, filmmaking, cooking) to helping others with often trivial things (buying a camera, fixing a car trunk, fixing PCs).

Technology has past the point of reason. People buy expensive things without actually using it.

12/23
Shila and her inheritance.

situation:
Husband had two kids and divorced, then remarries. Husband dies and the inheritance is split three ways (two kids and the new wife).

The new wife, is initially told the amount she will get. She is never told about the whereabouts of the money for more than 4 years. She does not have access to it nor does she know the current amount. Because she does not know the amount, she must hold two menial jobs in a non-native country to pay the utilities for her house.

That's it, unless there's more I don't know about. From just these facts, the situation is clearly unfair to the new wife.

People in the husband's family think she's is corrupt (wants money, does not like anyone).

Then there's me. I think she's amazing. I can't say that for many people. There are only a few people in my family I would consider well-rounded and intelligent--my Dad, Shila, Sheetal, and Dollyben. My friends--Ivar, Enver, Seung, Jason--fit somewhere in there. So naturally the situation is difficult as I am close to both sides.

An aside: Ugh, the amount of slander that came out of Sweta's mouth makes her somehow even more disgusting. And then she somehow can talk about her one-time-use suspenders and reindeer costume she bought for the Christmas party. Utterly detestable.

My dad handled the question well for the most part. Told me his side, without any subjectivity. He's still a bit conceited and stubborn, but so am I.


12/27
A thought that should be blogged.

I am conceited, and that's a good thing.

I often think about what seperates the dumb suburban folk from the thriving city folk. Trying to pinpoint the difference in the mentality. What is it that makes suburb folk work a menial full time job, go home, watch TV, anticipiate the weekend and holidays, being entertained by popular media with the same old friend and family?

I think it's the ability for form an opinion, to evaluate the facts and form an individual thought from that.


12/28
The main difference between me and Dad is that I currently allocate most of my time to myself whereas Dad's time is allocated to the family and community.

12/30
Old thought. There are some skills that will last forever: writing, reading, drawing, cooking, any kind of physical coordination. For example, once you learn how to moonwalk in SSBM, you won't forget, even after a year without use.

1/2/12 (back in NY) [todo: stopped transcribing to blog here, and skipped many from 2009-2011, just selecting a random few, also may have mixed the years for 2009-2011, need to go back, check, and fix that]

[background info]
In the interview of George Carlin by Jon Stewart:

~People who deal with edgy [innovative] content, often fall off. How do you keep it together?
Luck. Genetic make-up, which is also by luck. Hard work, the desire to do hard work, to be determined, is genetic. It can be altered a little and reinforced, but [still luck]. ...You also have to have something to look forward to.

~Why do you still care? Why not retire?
...I'm an entertainer, but there's art involved. An artist has an obligation to be en route, to be going somewhere, there's a journey here, you don't know where it is, and that's the fun. So you're always gonna be seeking, and looking, and going, and trying to challenge yourself. And without thinking about it, it drives you, it keeps you trying to be fresh, trying to call on yourself, call on yourself a little more.

~Do you feel like a great ?
...People are wonderful. I love individuals, I hate groups of people. A group of people with a common purpose. 'Cause pretty soon they have little hats...and armbands, and fight songs, and a list of people they're going to visit at 3AM.

~After multiple awards does it all boil down to what you had said before, "Hey, dig me"?
Hey look at me ain't I cute. The job is about showing off. In my school we didn't have grades, didn't have A's B's and C's. The only A's I got were attention, approval, admiration, approbation, and applause. And those were the only A's I wanted, and I got them.


I'm starting to lean on genetics over environment too. Some personalities work harder than others. Some are just born with the characteristics that make up a great artist.

I also think a smart kid will make it no matter what environment they are in. They will make it out.

I like people and dislike groups too. If you can isolate a person, get past the small talk and really talk to them, you can see they are great. It's just that their mentality transforms when they are in a group. Perhaps to get the approval of their group, unwilling to choose their own direction.



By now Iím assuming most aspiring artists have had the ìWork hard, donít quitî spiel.  Although thatís pretty much the most important piece of advice youíll ever hear, Iíll try to provide something a bit different: Especially at the beginning of oneís career, thereís lack of distinction between yourself and your creation.  This is natural, as our work is an extension of ourselves in many ways.  However, a certain amount of distance must be achieved in order to view your art objectively and not take criticism so personally that it becomes crippling. Only then can true improvement happen. This is why one of the most basic struggles that an artist will have to face is finding the balance between their inferiority complex and superiority complex. -Alice Meichi Li


old thought:
current view of each family member's personality, strengths, weaknesses, and how to improve themselves
samip:
fine, not close, have some similarities, should thank for stopping Sweta from fighting with mom even if it's not the best way to solve to situation
dad:
also mentally fine, often has great judgement, but must remember he is not always right and must be open to new answers. We likely have the same personality. We often get stuck doing house, car, and motel work. We both have a giant things to do list. Instead of working all day we must remember to spend time for ourselves. Take a personal vacation. Isolate ourselves so that we may think clearly and take on more creative tasks. He needs to stop watching TV though.
sweta:
1. must stop fighting with mom. This affects everyone.
2. must become more independent. She depends on everyone in the family. Depends on mom to cook; dad for house, car, and finance matters; me for various favors.
me?:
i atleast know my faults and am trying to fix them. I'm constantly learning and pushing forward.


I need to remember to get away from the modern world and just live, as if living in a more natural (closer to nature) environment.

1/3/12
Find or concieve a project that I am interested it, then do it. It's as simple as that.

Jason Rohrer:
ÖIíve liked games a lot my whole life, but as Iíve gotten older, Iíve found fewer and fewer of them to be worth my time. I donít read books or watch movies or listen to music as ìtimewasters,î and I donít want to play games that are timewasters either. I generally find artbooks, artfilms, and artmusic to be good uses of my time. They enrich me as a person, make me think about things in new ways, etc.

Thus, I want to make artgames, so I donít feel like Iím wasting my time in making them, nor wasting other peopleís time who play them. Desktop Tower Defense is really fun and really addictive, but I donít find that it enriches my life at all. I find that I need to force myself to stop playing it

http://www.hemispheresmagazine.com/2011/07/01/playing-god/


Perhaps Babycastles and internships are too small or unpersonal of a project. I need to follow my own interest and put in the work, no matter the amount. I do like what Babycastles is, a community, a way to show off high art, but that's not my job. My job is to be the high artist.

Still, I am genuinely interested in being an events photographer, an interaction designer, or just working for a media company, at least once. I think it's okay to try things, as long as you stop when you lose interest.

1/4/12
The more you isolate yourself, the more creative you become

From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INTJ
They harbor an innate desire to express themselves by conceptualizing their own intellectual designs

1/5/12
a thought about Parkour
Parkour interests me. Probably because it is somewhat practical. Instead of excercising in a room in front of a monitor or fitness instructor, you explore an environment, figure out the most efficient way to get from point A to point B.

I feel that it's a natural extension of my childhood. I used to jump of swings, jump over ditches and fences, bike, run, dive, do whatever was needed to not get tagged. It was fun. Parkour is just an adult version of those playground games I used to play.

a thought about my eating habits
My personality likes to explore and try new things. This trait pervades my eating habits. I like to try new foods. This I believe is good because different foods have different nutrients and composition. So my eating habits are a beneficiary of my personality.

So much time was wasted today. I could have made so many things. I could have cooked a real meal. Gone outside and taken pictures. Searching for an internship feels so backwards. What a sad life I live.

1/6/12
Maybe every personality doesn't have the innate desire to create something great and express themselves, but they do desire to do something, even if it's not great.

reoccured/old thought:
There is no age range to do something. A 10 year old can make a video game and a 70 year old can make a film. I guess main problem to why people don't do the things they want to is money. They don't see a path to to do the thing they want to do and simultaneously be able to live off of that.

My personality always wants something new or unique and even considers this superior. When I make things, I too want to make something new, that has never been done before. The problem is that ... nevermind, there is no problem.

Maybe I'm not choosing a project large enough, trying to take small steps that I don't care nearly as much for.

1/8/12
There is too much content in the world thanks to the internet. I don't see much point in documentation, blogging, or anything repititive. I think it's best to just create a unique product that will stand out. The highest quality. Allocate all of the time toward that, ridding of any smaller ideas.

1/11/12
a few days old thought:
Although  I'm not doing anthing creatively currently, I don't feel too bad. Deciding what my next project is important. It doesn't feel good though, it feel like I'm doing nothing, when I could be making something.

I had similar thoughts today:
So I'm back in NY for a few more months, I'm trying to find a few part-time jobs, internships, small projects that I'm interested in to work on. This is going slower than I had hoped. The internship with Zack has gone nowhere so far; I have been shown a project to even start on. The internship with TraSensa doesn't start until January 25th. The internship with Aaron makes it seem he doesn't really care for an internee. These are people who are current making very creative things that I am interested in, yet the process is so slow.

I guess I'm just never satisfied with either my work or businesses. The ideas are never large enough. Never great enough. Not compared to the things I've seen, the things that inspire me--large graphic novels, innovative games, realistic films.

1/16/12
after the film shoot for Cold Front in Northville with Zack:
Everyone on the road trip were great people. All different personalities, but smart, and tolerated each other. They all had good taste, experiencing a ton of media (music, film, television shows). When we got together, some smoked weed, some drank beer, some drank wine, and in the end, we all played board games. That's when you know the people are well balanced. Nothing was done excessively. Everyone manned up for the shooting. Not a single bad event occured. Amazing.

One things to note, to better myself, is Zack's personality. Getting to know a person who's confident enough to make a 3d film, graphic novel, and video game. He just does the work. He contacted everyone, got a zip car, drove, comforted everyone, cooked, slept on the couch, directed the film, and drove everyone back to their homes. All of that in two days. He smokes weed often, does many other drugs, can indulge and enjoy life, but still gets the work done. That's all that matters.

To improve myself, seeing Zack's best traits, I need to just get done. Don't over research, don't create multiple ideas, just have one and go for it. Make something. Then move on, whatever the result may be.

Ryan has a different personality, but stilll gets stuff done. He's more into researching and criticism. He put a lot of time into his blog, less into making stuff. Although, blogging is considered making. He's interested in photography, making that perfect shot using the right lens and settings on a DSLR. More of a perfectionist. Whereas Zack is more of a guerilla filmmaker. Ryan's girlfriend is a logical thinker like he is, which is someone who I can imagine myself being compatible with.

Either way is successful. Maybe Zack's films, like his taste, doesn't aim to make the greatest film, but it's still an awesome film that fits his personality. Ryan will likely use more time to meticulously create his film, also fitting his personality. Which shows that different personalities will aim to make different films. I want to make films that are characteristically socially realistic (with characters with real personalities), a strong narrative, a good taste in cinematography, building tension to an amazing climax, like the films that I love (Hirokazu, Claire Denis, Carlos Reygadas, etc.).

I guess Sight & Sound have similar taste to me. What they consider to be the greatest films are similar to mine. But isn't that narrow? Some fiction is needed. Then again, I just as much enjoyed Blade Runner, Brazil, and Snatch. So I'm not really narrow, my taste really is quite objective. Objective, not indulging. So films that would be great for a personality that prefers perception above judgement, would not make this list. Indulgent films such as...? I wonder what Zack's favorite films are. He said The Hudsucker Prox is in his top 3, which is considered one of Coen brothers lesser films. Also really enjoyed 13 Assassins. So he has a certain taste, likes certain things very much, others things not so much, such as the collage-like graphics on that one graphic novel. Not appreciative to everything, but still a very broad taste. I guess I'm just completely objective when judging movies. I thoroughly enjoyed "certain" movies that probably weren't very well-recieved which I can usually detect: Mother, Barking Dogs Never Bite, Maborosi, etc.

Make stuff. Sleep.

1/17/12
I'm really just not interested with community work, even for Babycastles. I'm only motivated for my own personal work.

1/18
It seems I'm more interested in making films that are characteristically natural, cinema verite like some of my favorite directors: Hirokazu Koreeda, Carlos Reygaldas. Hiring non-actors, letting the script evolve, no stringent storyboard.

I know the kind of camera doesn't matter, it's the user. Then again, I don't want to struggle due to equipment. I just want a camera that has everything so I can make a film. To make a game, everything you need exists in a single computer with internet. For film, there can be many obstacles avoided if I make a wise purchase. But I'm glad Evan mentioned that the camera shouldn't stop me from making a film, a good point.

while watching Into The Wild:
"If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then the possibility of life is destroyed"

I'm still not motivated to work on anything small. Only big things. I don't care about clothing, eating at new restaurants, going to events in the city, working with Babycastles, working as an intern. Only bigger things. Outdoors. Film. Game.

1/24
I should be a travel documentarian. Or just document people I find interesting.

1/28
The lack of thoughts written here is indicative of a slump. I still do not have a project that I am currently motivated to work on, like the game prototypes of fall 2011. After the break I became more interested in film, but I could not just being working on it immediately as I did with video games, which was the reason I chose video games first. Making a film has more barriers. I have to find like-minded crew members, collaborate ideas with them, buy film equipment, schedules times, hire actors, and then finally shoot, when all I really care about is thinking of new ideas and shooting.

In addition to that, Babycastles is a very collaborative group too. There aren't many projects in which I can produce myself. They require working with others, talking, going to events, and general office work.

It feels counter-productive compared to creating works alone, although it isn't. These are things that are required, are part of the process, and counts as progress.

1/29
Game jams are great. I wish there were one for films, like the 48 film project, except every month. It simply feels good to be productive, instead of meaningless research.

2/2
Goodbye Babycastles?

Babycastles is filled with great people. People who have taste, actively make things, appreciate others, and are therefore admireable people. Colin, Ida, Syed, Kunal. Even those who work full time jobs for the money but still put in the time to help--Ben, Lauren, Jared--and even the rest who are young, respect the organization and are finding themselves--Arthur, Dan, Jen. The members of Babycastles are members for a reason. Out of the entire population of New York, we ended up together. People can really be narrowed down to just a few.

Will I find similarly like-minded people in San Francisco? I'm going to have to search by following my personal interests again. Go to events that I think are cool. If no company exists, I'm going to have to make one with the few people that I find. Mainly unemployed people who want to make stuff right now.

Was the time I invested with Babycastles a waste? Not a waste, more of a squandered opportunity. As always, I learn, and I move on.

2/4
Still in a slump. Just excercised and confirmed that I am. No new ideas. No new thoughts. Working on old projects. Nothing new.

2/6
It's quite clear that if I were to get into film, I would be the director. Although cinematography is interesting and can be very technical, it still does not have nearly as much creative choice as the director.

2/13
I believe there is a correlation between how comfortable I am with an environment and my productivity. When I moved to New York, I was very productive because I was in a new area, new apartment, living with a friend (which is a new experience for me). All of this made me uncomfortable so all I could do is work. Being in a new area, going to events, exploring the city also made me more healthier, and productive. I'd go to events, meet people, be inspired, conjure new ideas. After the winter break I felt comfortable at the apartment and went into a slump because of it. Not going to Pratt as I used to. Not going to new events, not inspired to do anything. Therefore, it seems the life of a vagrant may be best for me. As long as I keep pushing myself into new territory (geographical, career, or mind) I will be healthy and productive.

2/13
As predicted, interning is not worth it. It's just nice to be able to be around people in case you are working alone for most of the time. A better use of time would be to continue working alone, and create a team. No interns, a group of equally powered people.

2/21
Have to remember how important my time is. I can't choose to join a project, internship, or job out of courtesy. It must be worth my time.

...Good thing I'm moving again. Just remember not to put myself in that position again.

2/24
Need to be more aware of the things I buy. Make sure is locally-made, cheap, sweat-shop free.

2/25
I could return to my state of being before the last winter break, the most productive and efficient time of my life, go from project to project, following my personal motivations, ideas, creating something out of it. The larger the motive the larger the product. Become a new media artist. A general artist, not constrained to a medium.

If I am consistent in my work ethic, I should gain enough attention to be able to apply for grants from art institutions and join larger projects. Get paid in honorariums for lectures. Get funded by someone with good taste. The same way Babycastles gets funded.

Financially, I would need a temporary job, a part-time job, or freelance doing something I'm very interested in--run a workshop about art, design games for a company, etc.

2/26
I read the dialogue of an interview with Andrea Arnold, the director of "Fish Tank".

In it, she said she's been writing her thoughts down since she was 8 or 9. She doesn't go back to those books. She might go flip back to refresh her mind, but what goes on stays there. The brain is a notebook.

She writes down an ideas and expands on that. Write around the image and work out its context. Often based on an image. Let the brain be free and see what happens. Then it will take shape.

? 500 Days of Summer
Have I become so obsessed with realism in film that I've lost the joy of watching entertainment films? It seems I can only enjoy a film that intends to depicts real life if the characters are portrayed realistically. Otherwise, my attention shifts away. Unless of course the film was fictional itself, or the subject of the film isn't the portrayal of real life situations.

500 Days of Summer depicts a relationship in a realistic way, but I never felt it was real enough. It surpasses the romantic comedy genre, similar to Knocked Up. But why did I enjoy 500 Days of Summer less than Knocked Up? I don't think it was the fun fictional segments, I quite enjoyed those. I was on auto-pilot while watching the film. The film's production and taste is perfect. I think it's because the plot was predictable, even with the non-chronological order. I knew how Tom was going to grow and react. I also didn't feel that many of the moments created were as heartfelt due to the lack of realism from the surrounding characters. I didn't care for any other character.

3/2
Back to "Just Do It"

I overheard Sweta telling Nisha that you just have to do it. The level of doing it is much lower than the one I previously thought of but it's the same pyschological problem. For Nisha, doing it is living. For me, doing it is creating something great.

It was odd to hear Sweta telling Nisha to just do it as Sweta doesn't just do it regarding many things.

Ivar has the problem of just doing it too. He only feels comfortable practicing comedy in his room. He's only been to two open mics over a 6 month period. How do I convince him all you have to do is just do it?

I just fixed Sweta's stereo. How did I do it? I Googled it, followed the directions, and just did it. That's it. That's how you do it! But many haven't figured this out.


I wonder if modern school's method of teaching affected the way kids learn to do things. In school you are taught conventionally, step-by-step how to do something. Once you are out of school, you may feel lost on how to begin. Is being creative related to "Just Do It"?

some more thoughts over the past few days:
It's crazy how similar the members of Babycastles and I are. We all envision the same ideal company. A company with high standards, never stooping for anyone. A company that is fun. Such great people.

? Being an artist
I could return to my state of being before the last winter break, the most productive and efficient time of my life, go from project to project, following my personal motivations, ideas, creating something out of it. The larger the motive the larger the product. Become a new media artist. A general artist, not constrained to a medium.

If I am consistent in my work ethic, I should gain enough attention to be able to apply for grants from art institutions and join larger projects. Get paid in honorariums for lectures. Get funded by someone with good taste. The same way Babycastles gets funded.

Financially, I would need a temporary job, a part-time job, or freelance doing something I'm very interested in--run a workshop about art, design games for a company, etc.

Scratch that.

Just go from project to project, whatever I am interested in. That is all. It could be a huge documentary or a tiny expirement.

Stay busy. 

3/10
I should organize a protest. It's the only form of protest that actually can accomplish something. That or create a program that inadverdantly does so. EA sounds like a good target.

Household waste only accounts for 3% of all waste, so the small individual efforts doesn't matter at all. It's more effective to organize a protest against a wasteful company.

post-GDC thoughts:
1. watch speeches by Jonathan Blow, Jenova Chen and other Blow apprentices
2. play IGF games
3. live, love, life
4. make stuff (games, film, new media) based on my interests

3/11
from the Andy Schatz talk (http://www.gdcvault.com/play/1014577/How-to-Win-the-IGF):
If you make a game for money, then you either make money or fail. If you make a game for innovation you will either get money or recognition. If you get recognition, you have built a reputation and can make another game.

reiteration of Jonathan Blow's philisophy of work: If you make a great game, business will come.

after reading http://epaley.posterous.com/the-curve-of-talent:
The article kind of demeans people by intellect, but does show insight into the talent within corporations and startups.

"Large companies have very few A players.  A players don't want to be at large companies because, more often than not, corporate bureaucracy and process not only fail to reward, but actually punish A players"

3/12
A thought from the SFIAAFF present/future meeting:
The director of the Motel mentioned how she would rather kill herself than to care for distributing her movies. Instead, she just goes on to another idea, sends it to festivals, ands moves on. This is how I feel. I shoudn't have to care about money. Just make things and move on.

3/13
Old thought. Andy Schatz mentioned, when the games mechanics interweaves with the art, the product is great.

3/14
Should game development be done completely in thought and on paper, or should it be prototyped, then developed further from there?

Should I continue paper prototyping until I've deeply explored an idea, or should I just make a game from one of my ideas, and hope it leads to something greater?

While watching Chris Crawford's "Dragon Speech"
Learn How to Dream Well:
Have to balance fantasy and reality, and make it through.

Interactivity:
The stories told in every medium is the same, it's how the medium is used that makes the difference.
All the higher mammals learn by playing, by doing, by interacting. The higher the mammal the longer it spends time in play before adulthood.
The human mind is an active agent, not passive.
Language is a way for one person to learn from many different people, and for one person to teach many people.

The Genesis of Art:
Art is just a way of communicating ideas.
Consider Michaelangelo's statue of Mother Mary holding a crucified baby Jesus. It conveys motherhood. Michaelangelo did it so well that it is considered beautiful. That is how art comes about.
[Current] Games are about things, not people.

Characters:
Need characters to express feelings, facial expressions, interact with other characters, be human.



Art defined by Google Dictionary: The expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power.


http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/2633/gdc_the_game_design_challenge_.php


Just think about the game design. Do not think about the implementation. The medium is limitless. Chain World, Peace Bomb, the laser projector game, the whiteboard game.

3/15
I don't feel like making a game because I don't feel that I have an idea worth making yet. In spite of this, I should create something because creating things leads to more ideas.

http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/164701/gdc_2012_10_indies_10_ways_to_.php:
Mike Boxleiter:
He thought Jon Blow's simple advice ó "just make a great game" ó was elitist and exclusive, but he now agrees with the Braid creator. "If you have something you want to show other people, you're just going to have to work your ass off," Boxleiter concludes. 

Although living at home I can dedicate all of my time to developing games, the lack of inspiration and community may come over. Not being able to collaborate on art projects. Also, it may be beneficial to get a full-time job. Maybe...

3/17
Having a project to do can be creative. I just have to make sure the job has a quick cycle of contract work.

3/18
It's also nice that paid projects have an audience. More reasons to work on something, instead of exploring, and creating something inaccessible.

Giving tools to a wide audience can result in diverse products.

3/25
MAKE A GAME TO EXPRESS FEELINGS. Ask yourself, "is the experience of playing the game meaningful? Did it move me?". If it can't do that, then it's not worth making.

Prototyping also includes playtesting. Does the game work do what it was intended to do? That's the main question. Test it on people, then further develop it.

I have confirmed, games is what I currently want to make.

Just have a novel game mechanic isn't enough. The mechanic has to mesh well with the art. And even better than that method is to evoke feelings with a new mechanic.

3/25
Perhaps my problem is not being social enough? Not having close friends that would like to collaborate? Or that I am not confident enough to lead a project. I'll see at Molyjam. Then again, if I were talented enough, I would have created a product of recognition.




Fantastic Planet thoughts while watching:
First, thought about how great it is as a animal rights movie. Placing humans has pets.

Then I thought about how Jonathan Blow mentioned that he liked to read Calvino because it expands his mind. I agree. The book is fantastic for thinking, creating new ideas, as is this film.

Then I started thinking about how primitive ideas are the core of real world problems. Tribes translate to countries. Who cares about airport security or offices. None of that matters.

Then I thought more about how humans can be compared to insects. They multiply, live in undesirable places

Making something universal as this helps it become timeless.

interview with the director:
Favors ideas over polish.
He was interested in shadow puppets, and created a film of it with mentally ill patients. That lead to finding an artistic partner, worked on it for 4 years in another country while war was going on, outsourcing work.



advice from Frozen Synapse to indie developers:
1.)  Read this article and then finish a game [http://makegames.tumblr.com/post/1136623767/finishing-a-game]
2.)  Put it on sale
3.)  See how few copies you sell!
4.)  Finish another game and try to do better this time

advice from Derek Yu:
Hereís a good lesson here: seek help and feedback and especially criticism from every direction if you hope to do your best work.

3/30 while watching Flight of the Red Balloon
One of the toughest problems with art for me is that my first peice of work is shit. I think there artists with great first films, video games, music, and fine arts, but I wasn't good enough to make a great first one. It sucks to have to go up a ladder of quality and artistic merit.

It's easy to get lost along the process of creating something as there can be so many variables. It's important to stick to design, not the technical side. In game and film. It's not the polish that matter, just the design. [Forget the game engine and camera]

Even if I do not make anything great from my time away from work, it was absolutely worth it. There were so many coming of age phases I've gone through.

Keep going. Keep making things. Keep viewing life from a higher perspective. Don't let money waste your time. Don't let the lack of skills choose your project. Keep viewing art. Keep making art.

4/2 old notes
There's a method in creating things without much direction. I tried this and it didn't work for me. In order for me to work (not for money), I need the desire to. Messing around with programming isn't enough. I need a solid idea to start with, then explore from there.

4/3
Need to stop writing. Or if I do write, write as if it were published in a good magazine (Pitchfork or Kill Screen). My thoughts should be displayed in my works, not my writing.

4/4
During game prototyping, it's important to get to level design That's the next step. I never got that far. It's nice to have a new game mechanic, but a prototype doesn't prove the potential without level design. Think of VVVVVV for example.

http://the99percent.com/tips/7151/The-5-Types-of-Work-That-Fill-Your-Day
In an article on the99percent, it mentioned Insecurity Work. Looking at statistics obsessively. I think this work also ecompasses looking for and working a full-time job.

http://the99percent.com/articles/7155/Creative-Time-On-Making-Art-Happen-and-Pushing-Culture-Forward
Just an exciting, beautiful thing of wonder to look at.
But you could also say that ethical engagement with the community is what really matters.

1. It's important to get artists to really boldly experiment, to push their practice and to also push culture forward.
2. Public spaces should be used for free expression and creativity.
3. Artists are important to society. They should be weighing in on the times in which we live.

4/8
ideas are easy to think of, finish the product is the hardest part
try to stay busy, pick up work from anywhere--contracts, internships, contests, part-time jobs, whatever

When you do not have a current project, you have to find one. Get inspired to work again.

4/9
Have to balance time of creativity and work. Sometimes the work just has to be done. Just remember that once you get past the initial force needed to start a new project, the rest is easier.

4/10
After watching Paranoid Park:
The entire film was shot like a music video or an experimental film. I could easily create a short film that is equally or more experimental. Alone!

Christopher Doyle worked as an oil driller in India, a cow herder in Insrael, and a doctor of Chinese medicine in Thailand.

Rain Li left China for England as a young teenager to go pursue her dreams. After only a few months of language training and multiple part-time jobs, she discovered her passion for lighting. Her 2-year training as an electrician on commercials, music videos and feature films, led to her working as a camera assistant, and later to becoming a cinematographer by the time she turned 18.

By age 26, she had shot twelve features, twenty-five short films, numerous popular commercials, music videos and also interesting art and fashion projects. Since early 2005, she has been collaborating with renowned cinematographer/director Christopher Doyle ('In the Mood for Love', 'Hero', 'Rabbit Proof Fence', Lady in the Water etc), on twelve projects to date. She has also collaborated with many internationally renown directors, including Jim Jarmusch, Gus Van Sant. One of her recent films, "Paranoid Park" by Gus Van Sant, received "Special 60th Anniversary Prize of the International Cannes Film Festival" in 2007.


Remember, you can always juggle another project if the current project is tough to begin.

I think I need to just take on more projects. Collaborations. Working alone isn't motivating enough.

4/11
After watching a attending the film mixer event and watching a few of the films that were quickly made, the notion that making something ambitious is reiterated. Then again, at least they made a film, went through the process. I guess that's the first step. Make something. Then, make something great.

4/12
One of the most important tips in life: stay active. Never stop. That's why I move around so much, take on different projects, place myself in public. Keep exploring.

4/22
New York was a great experience. I did things by feeling: made video game prototypes, participated in the indie game scene, started shooting video, almost created a film. San Francisco is a change of pace. There aren't any events I'm interested in or compare to New York. Being alone, with not much to do, I now know what needs to be done. I need to create something great. That's all. Take your time.

Should create a blog post that lists coming of age thoughts in chronological order. Well, this can wait until I make something great.

4/25
Thoughts during Jamie's talk at Converge SF.

He had some solid coming-of-age foundations of creativity and business. His organization's slogan is "release early and often, with rap music", denoting to release projects early, but add something popular to it. A key factor of the success of his projects is luck.

I believe this is true only if the purpose of the projects is to become popular, and that does seem to be his goal as he held a class titled "Being Internet Famous" at Parson's. In art, the purpose is not to be popular, but to make something great. The amount of people who see your work does not matter. The few people who do see it will acknowledge it's worth.

4/26
Thoughts during Treeless Mountain.

In many films with young characters, there's usually one that is smart enough to figure out the current situation is not right and that he must get out of it, helping anyone with him. Are the lesser characters unable to do this because their personality is not fit for this role?

4/30
Money is meaningless. Don't worry about it until you're 30+ and plan to have a family.

After watching Portal: No Escape, the short film:
Using fictional video game like mechanics is not a terrible idea.The Matrix, Inception, and this short film have executed it well.

5/2
After leaving New York's art scene, and then witnessing the lack of one in San Francisco, I now realize how far ahead New York is, compared to any other city. It's truly a world class city. Much further in digital art, and likely any other art. At any event in San Francisco, I feel like I am one of the most creative people there. Merely living in New York exposed me to the possibilities, pushed my standards high, and inspired me to compete with the rest of the world.

Perhaps Indians, or even Asians in general are more family oriented than white people. This results in Asians prioritizing the strive for having stable life rather than risking it for something artistic. Hence the abundance of stable occupations such as doctors and engineers and the lack of artistic occupations.

Within the next 5 years, I want to live in India with my parents, live in Japan, and travel around the world. Just backpack, take a Macbook, use couchsurfing.

5/3
I currently think my next steps are as follows: move home (few months) and do projects with the fat kids and catch up with the family, either move to New York and get back into Babycastles and film (with Zack?) or move to Japan or travel around the world working independently on video games (or any art). While I'm travelling abroad or in Japan, it shouldn't cost much to fly to India when Dad and Mom are there. Live in Gujarati for a few months, then travel around India.

lol, should make a short film about Mom. Some kind of comical perspective of a serious condition.

5/5
There's not much reason for me to create small games at game jams anymore. It was a great way to get into game development, but now I'd rather focus on high concepts. Just go to game jams to think of new ideas, meet people, and only make something in a programming environment I know.

5/10
I've only begun working on the Sid the Science Kid game and it already feels like I'm losing my creative life. I have a hard-working personality, so it can be dangerous for me to work full-time, or else I won't ever allocate time into anything else. I'll only think about the day job, unable to think about other aspirations.

5/11
Losing productivity again. I think it's because I don't have a deadline. It's also because I'm trying to learn a game engine without a final design. I should just finish up the design document. It seems I have troubles designing things completely through. It's also maybe because I haven't been oberving as much art lately. There aren't many interesting events in San Francisco.

Ted Talk - Simon Sinek - How Great Leader Inspire Action
Eh okay talk. Main point is that you have to start with why, not what or how. Have a belief or dream (MLK, Apple). Then people will follow. People don't follow people who start with what (Dell).

Bret Victor - Inventing on Principle
People say you should follow your passion. Instead he has a different approach. People should follow a principle. Something that you feel is important, necessary, and right.
"Bringing ideas into the world is one of the most important things that people do."
Great ideas in the form of great art, stories, inventions, scientific theories
Thinking about what tools help creat great ideas
his principle, "Creators need an immediate connection in what they create"
"So much of art is about discovery, but how can you discover anything if you can't see what you're doing?" - a critique of coding
!"...And I can makes these changes as quickly as I think of them. And that is so important to the creative process. To be able to try ideas as you think of them. If there is any delay between that feedback loop between thinking and seeing and building, then the ideas will never be."
"These are thoughts that we can't think"
~"Ideas need a good environment, to be nurtured, to grow"
...
"Two golden rules of information design: Show the data, show the comparisons"
...
~"Feel it is morally wrong when an idea dies"
"Activism lifestyle is not just limited to social activism. You can recognize a wrong in the world, you can have a vision for what a better world can be, and can dedicate yourself to fighting for principle. Social activists typically fight by organizing, but you can fight by inventing."

I should begin "creative programming", along with experimental film. No, I should work upon gut reaction!
His tools really would cure my problem. I often have a design, a thought, but I usually toss it out because of an implementation barrier, and I lose inspiration. It requires a lot of motivation to get past the barriers of limited creation tools to create something. Which is sometimes a good thing, as I only choose the best ideas to go forward with.
What's my principle?

5/12
Whatever I do, I must have FUN doing it. [After seeing Harold from Pinkes Up]

5/14
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crowdsourcing
One has to be careful when Crowdsourcing. Affluent companies or individuals use crowd-sourcing to get a wide range of assets using little money. Essentially contracting with low risk.

The low-end of crowdsourcing websites are grimy. Basically outsourcing via website to India.

The higher-end of crowdsourcing website are not bad if used right. For example, Tongal and Poptent use crowdsourcing for film. Often, it's simply making a video advertisement for a company for a cash prize. If the crowdsourcer is instrinsically already movtivated to make a film for the project of their choice, then the project could be seen as an opportunity with extrensic motivation (money).

Hackathons in SF can also be considered as crowdsourcing. They too vary in ethical and legal terms.

There's also the benefit of having a deadline, which psychologically pushes the crowdsourcer to create an end product. Win or lose, the crowdsourcer still created a product. This has the same benefits of creating prototype. New ideas were thought of, lessons were learned, the portfolio gets larger, and so the crowdsourcer continues with life.

5/15
GO RIGHT. Work 8 hours a day. Real work. Have a todo list.

5/16
Pinkies up fits the rare requirements in order for me to finish a project: it must be new, ambitious, fun to make, feasible (not really), and have a teammate or community.

Only need a good 4 hours a day of work.

5/17
I'm most compatible with artists. That's why my friends are different.

Artist personalities seem to get along all kinds of people, on a more fundamental human level.

5/18
I must travel around the world. Being in a house or at a workplace is limiting my mind.

Ideally, backpack around the world, but keep a laptop with me to create games (or any other art).

http://indiegames.com/2011/11/from_artist_to_superimposing_g.html
 "My opinion is that most games over-cook their visuals, and what has happened with Fader is that the presentation is a result of the design concept, which feels like a special thing."

I love games, as a medium.

Games aren't even a medium. It's everything. Literature is limited to text, comic books are limited to images, film is limited to 2d (and stereoscopic 3d) video. Games are not limited to a medium. They are simply a set of rules.

Playground games such as Tag is a game. Board games. Jenga. Operation. Sometimes games are modified by kids because the normal rules become boring. Freeze tag. Scrabble without using the bonuses.

The best part about games is that there are very few that affect emotionally.

In literature, perhaps a novel has a narrative with a character that the reader is attached to and feels emotions for. Maybe it's more abstract, it's poetry and the precise combination of words make it beautiful. Or the combination of sounds of words coordinated in time  in spoken word or the lyricism of music. Or the sounds set to a melody. The images of a comic book. The cinematography (or narrative) of a film. The interaction of game.

imagined example:
Allow Jeson and another guy to play Fingle. After hesitantly playing a few levels, Jeson says he cannot play anymore. It is because the touching of hands in innappropriate gestures caused him to feel a certain way. I know Jeson is a little homophobic; That's why I chose him. But's that's proof that games can affect people emotionally. In this case, fearful. In other cases fingle may cause the players to feel awkward or intimate.

another imagined example:
Nirav has a pop-culture popularity game. I show the family Twirdie. The rules are, you enter a word, and the distance of the ball's shot depends on the popularity of that word on Twitter in the last minutes. It's essentially the game that Nirav made up, but depicted electronically on a popular platform to reach a larger audience, cause nobody is going to play your modified version of tag, until you sell it with the Playstation Move controller. And in order to do that you must know how to program the device to do so. Programming is merely a skill needed to implement a design on a device. It isn't the skill of programming that makes the product good, it's the design.

That's probably the difference between fine art and commercial art. Commercial art adds the dependency of creating something on a popular platform. Fine art is not restricted to such a medium.

make a blog post of the above!

Instead of writing a book, I could write a wiki about all of my thoughts. Some great people end up writing a book about their thoughts on life in general, but I think a wiki is a better medium for this, as it has links and is editable.

5/19
Paladog is proof that unambitious games are not worth making. So much work put into something not new.

It seems the more I explore, the more inspired I am to work. Somehow have to explore and work everyday.

Possible new daily schedule. Eat protien in the morning, go out after morning routine, explore a little, stop at cafe to work, eat out, explore some more, come home.

Programming in a slow game framework forces me to think about the design first, which is great.

5/20
Allocate some time of the day to have fun. Actually play some games. Try some creative applications, like that finger music application, or codea.

A possible artistic goal:
Make art to remind people to see life as they did as a kid. Be playful. Play games. Explore. Create. No constraints.

5/21
I am most compatible with Dad, Sheetal, and Shila because my personality is either similar to compatible to theirs. If personalities followed the Myers-Briggs indicator, they would be compatible with mine (ENTP, ENFP, INTJ, ENTJ). They're rational/logical/objective people.

I feel much better. Thinking on a higher level. Thinking design over implementation. Thinking like an artist. The feeling must be linked to the disconnection with the money.

5/22
Old note:
Need an environment to play-test games, get immediate feedback, see the next step/iteration, and continue prototyping other ideas.

5/23
Deadline driven production versus body driven production.

Rethinking about what Jonathon Blow said and Derek Yu(?) reiterated. "Make something great."

When people say things such as, your game can't be successful without marketing on the app store because there are too many, they are thinking in terms of business. Statistically, you can't compete. Companies have more money and manpower. As an independent or commercial artist, you shouldn't be competing. You should be making something that companies can't. Something creative, something only the top .01% create. Something great. Companies can't take risks, only individuals can.

Another possible way of life is to live with other artists. Artist residencies. I guess that's what Babycastles served as for me. A place in which I was surrounded by great people and whom inspired me to strive to do great things.

to gamemaking.txt (and a blog post!):
Using a game framework can be limiting. When creating the buttons for Pinkies Up, the implementation changed several times because there were so many different ways: use an image or draw it? Use Cocos2d, Box2d, Quartz2d, or OpenGL? At first, the design used images. Then the buttons needed to be iPhone compatible, and possibly dynamic, so then I decided used Quartz2d to create the texture and still be compatible with Cocos2d's CCSprite.

In a creative framework there is only one option. The most low level option. OpenGL. If I had created buttons in OpenGL first, then I could have simly expanded on the first implementation to make the buttons dyanamic. Creative frameworks are called so because they are not restrictive. You can do anything with them.

The reason game frameworks exist is to save time. It is up to the developer to choose the right framework that fits their design. If one wants to make a 3d game, then Unity is a good choice. If one wants to make small PC game, then Flash is a good choice. If one wants to make a 2d iOS game, then Cocos2d is a good choice. This brings about another problem. Using multiple frameworks means time will be wasted on learning.

I think the best solution is to choose one (cite Chris Makris). One that will provide the most flexibility. One that works with every platform. Hopefully with more use it will change from an obtuse tool to the developers right hand.



Now, should I use OpenFrameworks, MonoGame, or Unity? How about SDL and SFML? GLFW? Cinder?

SDL - C, old, unintuitive functions, used in World of Goo
SFML - C++, replacement of SDL, well thought interface

Flash - special case

What do I want?
- create horse (requires drawing freely on to the screen)
- create a game that uses computer vision from a webcam
- create a multi-device iOS game
- create a game that uses input from Kinect

The games likely won't be too complex in software. Just more interaction based.

5/25
I think the reason I don't care for board games is because they are purely mechanical; They have no interaction, and interaction is where the art of games lies. In a board game there is nothing to play around with, no surprise, you know the outcome of your input at every point in time. There is nothing to explore. It's a very narrow system. Not far from card games.

5/27
I took a small break by going out nearly every day for the past week. Now I feel like working. I think I'm getting better at taking breaks when needed and working when I feel like it.

Pinkies Up development is achingly slow. Remember to do some side projects.

Still, I don't want to work on anything other than Pinkes Up.

BLOG THIS:

[old iPhone note about art]
I wouldn't ever want to create something targeted to a specific audience. I wouldn't want to create an movie based on a manga, which is likely targeted at the Japanese and Otaku population. I'd want to create a Miyazaki film. When anime comes to mind, I don't even think of Miyazak. Yet, Miyazaki's films possess many common characteristics of anime.

[while thinking about my pokemon snap IRL idea]
Pokemon is universal. Pokemon do not conform to any culture. They are creatures, somewhat similar to animals, with a random name.

My mom doesn't know anything about the show, but when she hears "pikachu", she associates it with the pokemon in her mind. That's powerful.

I believe the reason Pokemon is a success is because of it is universal. Like a Disney movie, anyone can relate, yet the content is new. 

[digression starts here] 
Well not really. It's still the same old coming of stories.

Hmm, maybe the goal is to figure out who to introduce something innovative to the broadest audience. Finding something specific in the world that you think is beautiful, and trying to show it to the world by making it more accessible.

Yeah, that sounds like the virtue of commercial art. Fine art doesn't care for everyone else. It's a little more pretentious.

[new thought]
Thinking about the universalism of art again. I think I enjoy comedy from elder people because it is universal [thinking about the Ross joke from the show at that cafe in North Beach]. Reminds me of when Jenova Chen mentions making an experience that is as universal as Miyazaki.


In art, only the end product matters. The process, the intermediate products, are not seen; They are all temporary.

5/28
Have to remember while programming, the code doesn't have to be pretty, it just has to work! It's okay to write repeated code. It doesn't matter what language, or how it looks. You'll never go back when the product is complete. Just keep going forward. Never rewrite code.

So much work is wasted on products that are not ambitious. Think about AAA games and Hollywood films. People with great ideas and taste must be the leader.

I think it's best not to think in terms of difficulty, just time. Anything can be done, it just takes time.

5/29
Anything is possible. Just choose something ambitious, unlimited in potential, and go for it.

5/30
"Do you want to work in a cafe in Brooklyn or do you want to work in a cafe in Prague?"

Do I want to build a network of friends and projects in New York or do I want to travel?

Or is it possible to live in New York, but travel for work. Art exhibits for Babycastles, collaborations, and myself.

6/1
Always add interaction. The interaction of Harold's legs is inspirational.

I think in order for me to stay active -- want to work, be inspired, think of design, think of implementation -- I have to be surrounded by a group of people who are also active. I have to go out, attend events, take a break, to get reinspired.

I think one of my largest problems is that I need to learn when to take a break. I have notice decrease of actualy productivity. Notice my decline. And get back up.

6/2
What would you do with a million dollars?

At first I thought I'd start a sort of artist foundation for friends. I'd provide money, like an artist residency program, for a friend to live, hoping they figure themselves out and create things. I imagined paying off their debts and offering ~12k-15k a year so that they don't have to worry about money.

But now I wonder if that's appropriate. Maybe learning to overcome money is part of the process of finding one's self.


In programming, it's very important to keep moving forward. Don't refactor or optimize unless needed. Just keep moving forward. Code is temporary.

6/3
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2525250846841&set=p.2525250846841&type=1&theater:
Creativity is recession proof.
Advertising is worth the shame.


Today I was supposed to begin networking, but my brain gave up and tried to find an easier path. This time I noticed and stopped myself, avoided wasting time (eating, Facebook), watched a movie, and jumped in.


So much time in the world wasted on money.


Make good art. - Neil Gaiman

6/5
Having trouble beginning networking. The beginning of a downer. Have to overcome this.

6/6
Have to think of designs fully before implementing.

I need to overcome my short attention span! It affects my programming too.

6/9
Going to a new area everyday makes me happy.

It's amazing how much impact a movie can have on me. I watched Cinema Paridiso, a love letter to cinema. Albeit predictable and melodramatic, it still made me think about the important things in life. My future. How I need to talk to my Dad about it and his life.

6/10
Talking to Josh about game design:
He said he's written near full-game design documents. Yet he ended up finishing a game started at a game jam. Waterfall vs prototyping. The best method is to balance the two. Also to note, the game took 2 days to implement the core mechanics, and 5 months (spare time) to complete the game to upload to a Flash portal. During the conversation I mentioned how I enjoy Jon's creative process. He fully thinks out the design of the game before starting anything. Perhaps playing it in his head, and asking friends about his ideas. This reinforces the notion that I should spend more time designing than implementing.

Today is an extemely slow sunny day. Backyard programming and walking around Haight. I just feel like wondering. Sometimes thinking. Designing, writing. An odd day. I wonder if the 80 degree temperature affected me. Or the films from the past two days.

There are periods of time in which I am inspired, think of design ideas, do productive work as a reaction to it, without fully thinking them through. There are periods where I slightly lose the flow, but continue, clearly in need of a break. Then there are times where I just like to wonder, like now. I believe I'm getting better at following my body signals. I'm doing noticably better since I've concluded money is meaningless.

6/12
Sometimes it feels fucking great to just be thinking about or creating games. =)

Getting over the concept of money is all that was needed.

6/14
Tonight I'm feeling a little directionless. Why? Because I don't have an important to do list. Also, because I did not wake up early. Also, because I'm not currently very active.

Or, you just have to keep pushing forward!

I was thinking about the "nature" of people. That is, I guess, synonymous of personality. In the context of, what people do. I like to explore. What do others do?

It's timely that I'm watching Dodeskaden. It covers many social problems, lowly lives, bums, people of low intelligence. It also mentions the "nature" of its characters a few times.

Thinking back on earlier times I watched films, I wonder if the time after watching the film was impactful, not because of just the film, but because it served as a time in which I wasn't busy. It served as the only time I allotted time for myself to think.

Dodeskaden mostly explores people's weakenesses in a social context. Even the ugliest parts of humans. It may also explore the root of how the characters ended up in their current state, which was one of my goals for making a film about bums.

6/16
The difference between my thoughts during the day outside and during night at home is astounding. During the day I am confident in any endevour. Travel abroad, make games, make films. During the night I doubt myself. Can I even make this game?

6/17
Experiencing art (watching a movie, examining a painting) is like exploring (walking around a new city) with the convenience of portability and accessibility.

Listening to an interview of a writer on the NPR:
The interviewer asks about his creative process. He said he starts with an idea that excites him. A seed. No one thinks of an entire book and writes it. It's a process. Sometimes he has just the beginning, or the ending, or just some scene. Something that he feels is great, then creates everything around that.

The interviewer asks about his life. He said he's gratefulu and lucky enough to be a full-time writer. He does have responsibilties: a wife, children, dogs. He spends 2-7 hours per weekday writing. So he does kinda treate it life a full-time job.

He lives in Budapest.


Note: when you can't think of what to do next, just play the game in it's current state. Then you will know what the next steps should be.


6/19
I've been feeling a bit uninspired, even lazy recently. I decided to have some caffiene and bad food, in hoping that I feel refreshed when I wake up tomorrow. Caffiene has an odd effect on me. My mind races. I begin to think about deep family/friend related future situations, unable to focus on design or productive work.

6/20
Kurosawa keeps paint buckets and a canvas out, so he can paint whatever is on his mind at that time, similar to how writers and designers keep a composition book handy.

6/22
A TON of thoughts went through on my way home. How I rarely thought about my family or parents. How...

Need to pinpoint why being at home contrains creativity. I should be able to be creative anywhere. I should be able to overcome this.

Possible reasons:
- being the only person in my family and freinds to do something artistic is kind of emberassing, like breakdancing in front of uncles. No one understand what is required to create art. No one appreciates great art. No one will understand early pieces of art -- short films, game prototypes, 5 minute bits.
- being at home is too comfortable. I already feel at home in my SF and NY apartments, so I go to libraries. Similarly, I need to get out of the house at home.
- i'm not surrounded by people that similarly create art.
- there aren't any events to attend to at home. I have to rely on media.
- there are less responsibilities. No parents or family to take care do favors for. No house. No car.

- it is because of these reasons, I spend less time thinking and doing art.

Possible solutions:
- spend 8 hours outside of the house, locked away from family and social life
  - time yourself
- or live away from home and spend vacations at home

6/23
Every art project should have a base idea to explore.

6/24
I think the problem is that I simply have to be on my own. Perhaps I need to learn to live with others? I am able to live with roommates and friends and retain a good mentality. Hmm, try going to the library tomorrow, after the gardens.

6/25
I think Jon finds arguing about designs in his head satisfying, and I find implementing a design satisfying. I hope my satisfaction changes from implementation to design.

I used to watch TV while eating. Timing dinner with the Daily Show. Listen to music while driving. Uploading new music to my digital player. Although most of my attention is being used by the main activity, I'd consider this a problem related to consumerism.

6/26
Boose comes back an enlightened man. Crazy. I always imagined he had the greatest potential was but constrained by social problems. I can only hope he remains at this state of mind.

He gave advice of creating an "action plan" (MITT terminology?), and sort of assumed that what I've done in the past was meaningless. I disagree. I think the missteps are a part of the progress. I feel I am progressing. The rate of progression fluctuates dependent upon variables. Again, I wonder how many artists created something great on their first try.

6/30
from an old text file:
problem is that i'm not social enough? Not trying to collaborate enough?

7/02
Guh, need to get out of the house as much as possible. I feel funky when I'm in my room, constrained.

I just watched Pan's Labyrinth again. It felt like a live version of a Miyazaki film. It contained familiar popular film conventions, plenty of foreshadowing akin to a Harry Potter film or book, yet it was able to bring about new material and mix it into an otherwise mechanically conventional film, making a new idea accessible to a large audience. I wonder; Is this a result of the artist wanting to create something that is appreciated by a large audience? Is it not satisfying enough for the artist to have 1% of poeple appreciate the work? (fine art vs commercial art conflict again)

7/03
It's exciting to be in an envorinment with people doing great things. When I am alone, I am less enthusiastic. I need to collaborate.

Just played through Give Up Robot 2. It's been some time since I've played a game for longer than 10 minutes. It was a great experience, like playing a new NES game. Only when I am at the comfort of home I take the time to play games.

7/04
Narrowing the reasons why I am uncreative at home: It's not my family constraining me.
1. No rent. Also don't have to pay for groceries. Having to pay rent serves as a doomday counter.
2. Not surrounded by ambitious people. Being around other artists shows this way of living is okay, inspires me, and builds confidence in me.
[see next day's thought]

7/05
I need to get out of VA as soon as possible. Above the previously mentioned reasons, is a general lack of excitement in life.

Today, I got to a point where I did not feel like doing anything; Not working, not watching a movie, not playing a game, not exercising, not driving to someplace. Then I went to the corner of my room and decided to begin planning my next move. Merely planning excited me enough to work again. This could be proof that exploration causes inspiration for me.

7/08
Depression (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Depression_(mood)) describes my mood perfectly. This article (http://www.vagabondish.com/how-to-survive-reverse-culture-shock/) describes what happened. Wiki (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Culture_shock#Reverse_culture_shock)!

"Depressed mood can be the result ... disturbed circadian rhythm."

After reading some wikipedia articles related to depression and culture shock, I wonder if I was normal or depressed before moving out. The same symptoms apply to my life before moving out, in the range of 8th grade to before moving out. Or did moving out excite me to the point of being spoiled?

http://www.vagabondish.com/embrace-reverse-culture-shock/ is a positive way to deal with it.

Raymond advises to explore a new part of VA everyday.

Jon advises to do something new.

7/09
The way to get out [of depression] is to do something new, to find reason to wake up, some goal. It can't be an old idea, such as completing a game. Fill up the agenda with NEW things to do. Start a new project.

7/10
Much of the day was spent thinking about what to do next. Although seemingly unproductive, I'm glad to not stare a the computer mindlessly and instead design my future.

What to choose, NY, travel, or India?

My thought changes by the day, but as of now, I'm thinking about travelling abroad for a short period of time (~1 year), then coming back to NY to continue working on art projects.


taken from "the next move.txt":
I'm not the kind of person to go "into the wild". I wouldn't want to live in isolation. I wouldn't want to hike for long periods of time. I enjoy working on things I am interested in. I simply want to be in a new environment and work on new things.

somehwat off-topic:
Embarrassment may have been one of my contraints. Emberrased to do certain things in front of a very conformist family. Like Enver's breakdancing story. I'm glad to see Milan breakdance.

Along with embarassment, is the feeling that people wouldn't understand. If you can't understand why a Wong Kar Wai movie is good, how can you understand my shitty attempt?

After watching and reading things related to Christopher Doyle, and freely thinking, I've nearly concluded that I want to make films. Perhaps cinematography fits, as I am technical, not much of a director. Like being the programmer with Jon, I could be the cameraman with a director.

New goal: MAKE A FUCK TON OF VIDEOS NOW. Make it with my current camera. Get the workflow down. Not good? Buy whatever is needed. Make it better. Enter some contests. GOGOGO.


7/10
A Facebook post to Ivar and Enver about Seung and MITT:

I had a thought. YES. A THOUGHT!

DO NOT READ PAST THIS LINE IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT ATTENDING MITT

(line)

I had a thought about Seung and MITT. I wondered how similar it is to cults depicted in pop culture. The participant enters in a bad state of mind, becomes "enlightened", recruits others and tells of their great experiences ETC ETC.

MY OPINION:
These large group awareness and/or human potential training programs have its pros and cons. Their methods vary. They may break you down and offer you a cure, making you feel much better (Fight Club).

Thus far it seems MITT considerably helped Seung, therefore I justified it as being fine. MITT served as a belief; A place you go to when you've given up on everything else, like Christianity or Scientology, and now he's doing much better. I feel at this point this is okay. Hugs are cool.

I would just like make sure he doesn't get in tooooo deep with it. It seems that the first two classes can be life changing (to those in a bad state of mind) and the leadership class is used to recruit others as a means of marketing.

This is the opinion of a soulless person. I do not know suffering. I do not benefit from self-help products. I only look up to my parents. Hence the reason for this message. What do you guys think? I imagine you guys can relate more than I can.

1. Is Seung actually better?
2. Should Seung continue with the program [and continue paying for it]. I think he's already currently in the leadership program and going back for the advanced classes. That seems to be all of it. So, uh, it's likely already too late.

Fragile ass niggas.

RESOURCES:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lifespring
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Large_Group_Awareness_Training
http://sundial.csun.edu/2011/12/dont-drink-the-kool-aid/


7/11
old note:
The lack of direction and living at home has caused depression. ... Simply having direction excites me. ... So many things can be done without the internet!

An email to Babycastles:
Heyo.

I've got a really funky question that can't be answered by nearly any family or friends at home (I don't have a cool artsy Mom, but she does make yummy food!).

But first, a quick update:

I left NY to go to SF. In SF I tried to seek out a similar game scene and failed to find anything near the level of NY. It's only when you leave Babycastles (and NY in general) you realize how world class the people [and their works] really are. And how business-oriented SF is. I generally just attended events I was interested in (not just game related) and explored parts of the city, as usual. Most of the time, I've been working on a game with a friend in NY (Jon Stokes!). I recently left SF to come home and am currently experiencing some funky mini-depression via reverse culture shock after living away for ~2 years. Home is too comfortable. Anyway, that's not the point!

NOW:

I've been thinking about traveling abroad for some time, but I'm now questioning the reasoning behind it, although there isn't much rational to begin with. The idea is to live in a few places either in Asia or Europe, stop in India (where my parents own a home and travel to often), and continue around the world. At the end of it, I imagine crawling back to NY. I'll eventually have to get yet another full-time job to pay my debt to my Dad. Hurray upper-class Indian families in the hospitality business! Also, hurray high-paying programming full-time jobs which bought me time [at the expense of soul shards] to do things that I want. I guess this assumes all of my projects commercially fail. It's likely.

I'm not the kind of person to travel "into the wild"; I need to work. I think I would be able to work on my own projects. When I'm excited, I'm productive. The problem is that I doubt I would be able to do anything meaningful with other people, as I have a meaningless background, I don't speak the language, and it's likely illegal. I imagine it's basically be me trying to make stuff while exploring. Not much else.

THE QUESTIONs: Is simply having the feeling to live in certain countries enough of a reason to do so? And would the experience be worth it? Or is this all non-sense?

[To me,] the more rational decision would be to come back to NY, the place that inspired me, and be as active as possible in everything, like you guys. Then again, I'd work for the Man again to take this trip.

Hrmm, I guess this is more of a reality-check.

LOL. Sorry to throw this on you two, after failing to complete trollkit and everything else. In hindsight, I think I was in an overly excited state of mind. Babycastles is too exciting! At the time I failed to find a cool job and decided not take up another day job and somehow felt making games [and film] was more valuable of my time, my first creative endeavor ever. Oh so crazy.

Thanks for your time,
I really do idolize Babycastles



replies:

Kunal:
Hey Rahil - my phone broke so my half answer is bust.

It's a bummer, because I'm not sure when I'll have time again!

But I'm going to emphatically say:

If for whatever reason, you can afford to travel in any way, even uncomfortably, under-the-table jobs (more possible in some countries than others and that's very real), you should do it.   I worked in India as a shitty journalist for half a year, I cleaned bathtubs in Japan for a very long time, in Ireland I just did freelance programming gigs I acquired in the US from abroad, etc. I just wasted money in Providence, Rhode Island right after college too, that I had earned in a high-paying job I immediately quit.  Being somewhere is just a really good, good idea.  Being stationary is just ignorance, and attachment to insular principles and conversation that need shaking up.  I think that's just a straightforward truth. Go for it!


Syed:

If you have the privilege to travel then you should totally do it. My parents are both kinda of old and sick and don't have health insurance so i've had to stay close to the tri-state area most of my life. Apart from familial finical obligations whatever money I had left would go to rent and food. The only time i've travelled overseas was to visit my mom's family on my mom's birthday in the UK, that's also after i had a high paying job that i had just quit, but since then the only time i get to go anywhere is if people are paying for my accommodations.

If you're in a place where your parents can help you out a little and you can take care of the rest then you should totally do it.

Also I have this idea for this TV show that I want to pitch to IGN. It's like "Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations" but with game culture (independent or otherwise) around the world. The host will be Dan Alongi. If you'd like to help us write a treatment for and pitch it to our contact at IGN then maybe that might facilitate your need to get out of this country. An we'll all go on this great adventure.



a very objective perspective of vagabonding
  - http://studenomics.com/application/how-to-travel-the-world/
  
  
7/13
Feeling a bit better. Walking up Freemason Abbey to The Little Theatre of Norfolk was liberating, like walking in a new city. I spent a lot of time thinking and planning my travels today. No productivity or creativity, but at least I'm happier.

7/14
I think I've found solace in creating film. Still, life is exponentially slower.

Having time to think is a luxury.

Need to be near people to be productive. [referring to how the suburbs isolates peeople compared to cities]

At home, I reflect on life.

7/15
When I am at home, I try to find/choose the easy route, instead of just doing the work. It's a trap.

I was thinking about how to give advice to my friends, if and when I am successful. I feel I cannot give advice to others because the things I did only fit for my personality. A good way to give advice is to simply hold their hand a little, like MITT. Ask what do they want to do, what's stopping them, and keep updating them along the way.

The difference between me and suburban folk: I have an incessant desire to experience something new all of the time.

The ability to experience something new in everyday life, makes each day exciting.
after googling this:
http://www.stevepavlina.com/forums/emotional-mastery/13650-always-need-something-experience.html
  - "When I am somewhere a while, and do not feel I am going anywhere, or stagnent I guess I would call it, I have to move in."
  - "find new solutions or way to solve problems with a new aspect, and get excited about implementing it"
  - her problem seems to be that she feels moving is the only solution to gain a new experience, forgetting about creating new things via art

from a random article within the google search:
"Doing something every day short-circuits procrastination and self-doubt. There's only time for doing, and doing = happiness."

There are two ways to solve my desire to experience something new, internal and external. The external method is to keep moving, like a nomad. The internal method is to create new things via art. Doing both is perfect, but somewhat logically impossible.

The problem is that [external] moving excites me to [internal] create art. When I am at home, I am not excited to do anything.

Another solution: go from project to project, like artists do, like Babycastles does. Just need to have the preserverance to complete it.

Bleh, this is too much thinking, not enough doing. I need to set my mind on art while at home...somehow.

Hmm, I know question my thought of getting a full-time job with a worthless company. I'd much rather live poorly and work with people I respect, doing things I choose.

After watching Kony:
Welp, my view of my life has been put to shame yet again. Thanks film.

7/17
Still rock bottom. No increase.

The choice between art and travelling is difficult. Workaway is like a day job in another country. I would be happy doing it for the short period of time, but will I get my own work done? Workaway life seems slow. The more I read about farming in a rural area, the less enthusiastic I become. I fear I may get bored of the work very quickly. I enjoy cities.

Or should I just buy a ticket and live in a hostel?

Is it better than a day job as a video production intern? Yeah.

I like to have my freedom. Can't choose anything that requires my 16 hours. I should be able to get the work done then run out and explore the city, then come back and make some art.

7/18
Was being able to work on my own time [referring to to sleep disorder] during my jobless New York and San Francisco period the reason why I was so happy? I think it's a factor.

7/19
Old note:
Was the time that Michael Sticka moved out, I stopped biking, my grades lowered, lost sleep, a time of depression?

New:
I forget, I have a sleeping disorder. So much of my life would have been better without it. Wouldn't have slept through school, college. Parents wouldn't yell at me. I wouldn't be late to work. I could attend early events, eat a lunch special, have more chances to socialize. I should try fixing this, after I figure out how to get out of this depression.

Maybe the safety net of home causes laziness. Having rent makes time seem more valuable.

"You'll never have a home, you'll never have a home, you'll never have a home 'til you go home" DIIV sings

Choosing ambitious ideas and forcing myself into new, uncomfortable places brings out the best of me.

7/21
Maybe living in cities and traveling served as a stimulant, without it, I have trouble concentrating. Nah, I don't need a stimulant, just an exciting project.

7/22
The only reason I put as much time into thinking about Seung is because I myself wasn't in the best state of mind. If I were in SF, I'd simple be happy that he's in the better place and ignore the rest.

7/24
The more I look for work exchange gigs, the more I feel the need of living in a city, with the freedom of doing whatever I want. Exploring at my rapid pace.

old note:
I may also have ADHD. At least when I don't have a project I'm currently enthusiastic about. Caffeine helps, but in exchange of creativity.

7/27
Long time no see thoughts.txt! I haven't been thinking much, just over-analyzing my next move.

It reminds of just a few years ago when I was researching my next move. The questions remain the same, what do I want to do and where? Back then, I guess I chose San Francisco and game development. Now the scope is broadened to the world. This time I chose East Asia and game development, and hopefully other auxiliary arts through part-time jobs or random visions.

I think the goal is to travel and work full-time, that is, to work enough to pay for accommodation, food, and hopefully other expenses whilst working on personal art. I believe the excitement of travel will keep my rate of production and learning near the apex of my potential. It will keep me happy, inspired, and confident.

I also recently had the thought of values in jobs. I find part-time jobs more valuable than a high-salary specialized job. With a part-time job, I learn a new skill and work only a few hours allowing me to work on personal things after. It's also something I don't love (game, film), so I don't associate it with my personal ambitions. Working as a programmer at a social game company in San Francisco is morally painful because I want more to be done artistically. Working as a ESL teacher in Taiwan, a photographer in Korea, or a journalist in India, is a means of survival that I wouldn't mind, perhaps even enjoy.

Is this proposed lifestyle viable? Is it possible to have a family living like this? Is it possible to retain friends? It is possible to be close to my own family? Is it financially sustainable?

Remember to contact everyone. Use Skype. Remember to have good health insurance. I think if I need the money, I would get it. New goal: never be in debt. Furthermore, pay off tuition and car.


7/28
The cost in time it takes to move and find a job is expensive, or, I'm taking too long researching. Just need to move to the new place and go out!

8/2
Braindead.

Should make use of new areas and experiences with film and games. Try to make it universally accessible.

Futureproofing is stupid.

8/3
Constant communication with like-minded people is inspirational.

8/4
While thinking of new passwords, I was thinking about Wong Kar Wai's films. The dialogue was nearly all poetic.

Do what excites you, and everything else will fall in place.

a note from a few days ago:
I draw inspiration from new experiences. I have trouble creating new experiences at home. Do they have to be external? I don't think so. I'm happy with either traveling or art projects.

new:
I'm back to my old self, before moving to a city. The only difference is that I am self-aware; I am not working near the height of my potential.

I've just watched a film and now I am pondering. Back then, and now, films serve as a time to think properly, instead of mindlessly futurproofing my life, or the lives around me, or planning to do something.

Need to help mom. Devise a plan? Can it be done in a week? Nah, that would only work for a short-term. Come back for her later? Talk to Dad about it? The only way I can help is if I am doing well myself. I need to live in an exciting environment; A city. The solution is for her to live with me in a city.

http://www.schizophrenia.com:8080/jiveforums/thread.jspa?messageID=258494
A forum of people talking about their experiences with shizophrenic parents.

One person says "Wow, I couldn't imagine moving back to the area I grew up in. Just going back to visit that area is hard. Though there are some good times and remembrances, its like under the surface everyplace there holds its own memory of a nightmare. Even though you found it necessary, it takes great strength to do." Hmm, it's not a nightmare for me, just boredom.

Another person says ..."am depressed when I am not busy". That explains my current situation, and is normal.


What I hope would happen if Mom moved to a city: She would initially learn to live in a city -- get groceries by walking or public transportation, cook with limited supplies, have no house to clean (or be responsible for), be forced to talk to more people, not want to stay in the apartment because it is small and a nearby park would be a better environment. Hopefully it would go further and find a day job, a day care, cook for kids. Even further, find art or a hobby.

My family is great, especially compared to other's I have heard about. The largest problem is the lack of helping Mom, and even then she functions fairly well.

Many Indian parents or couples live and work together at motels/hotels. The mother helps at the motel, in addition to housewife duties. I wonder if mom went into a decline when she stopped working. Ask her what year she moved to the old house, then ask her when she gained weight.

8/5
After reading some emails to Babycastles:
I wonder if I should have stayed in NY with Babycastles. Continued game development independently and work cooperatively with them. The choice wasn't New York vs East Asia, it was Babycastles vs East Asia.

8/6
Today is a very low, uninspired, unmotivated point in life.

Do what excites you. 

When I am excited, I am productive and creative. That's all there is to it.

I am excited to work on new projects or live in new places; My parent's house doesn't provide either.

8/7
If I were to stay at home, my work would be very similar to Dad's. Maintenance and improvement. It's work, but there's very little creativity. It's mostly problem solving. No different than business programming. Hence, I need to get out to chase greater visions.

Have a vision and implement it within a reasonable amount of time. Then repeat.

As opposed to see a problem and fix it. Which itself can be viewed as meaningless as anything else. It's a one-way receiving communication. It's overly comfortable, passed functionality.

"Nothing is withheld from us which we have conceived to do."
"Do things that have never been done."
  - Russell A. Kirsch
  
If I were to take on part time jobs in another country, it would be no different than the way Shila works at a beauty shop, works at Hardeez, learns English, maintains happiness by keeping herself busy.

I have to make sure I make great strides toward art, and not just random part time jobs.

I wonder if making music is similar to film editing. Creating the right footage. Placing sounds at the right time based on feeling.

8/10
Cities contain artists and the means of creating art.

8/11
Maybe I enjoy the life of the lower class. It's more exciting than the stable middle and upper classes. Everyday life is more active.

8/12
The longer I stay at home the more I want to make something. Every time I come home, I get the feeling of making films. Now I wonder if traveling was a bad choice compared to working in NY. I could be with Babycastles, working at a film production studio, and making personal art.

Maybe it will only last a year. That's not bad as I have squandered my first 23 years of life.

8/15
People who wait and anticipate are currently inactive.

8/20
I sometimes have the bad habit of choosing the path that requires less communication, such as e-mailing instead of calling busiban schools for an ESL job.

8/23

FIND A JOB ASAP. Robin was able to find one in three days.

The US doesn't offer working holiday visas. That makes it feel insular to other cultures. People from EU are well travelled.

Living like I am at this point in time is unreal. Since college, I've always worked toward something with a goal-oriented method. That way of life has been shattered, and I now feel free. Is this what it feels like to be directionless? Is this how people drink and consume all day everyday? How long will this last for me? Will it stop once I get a part-time job?

Most of the people who stay up late at the hostel have no direction. They are either on vacation or work at useless part-time jobs. I have to make sure not to transform into one of them. Some people at the hostel do have direction. They wake up, job hunt, go to certain places, as if their life depends on it. I need to stay that way.

I wonder if it's worth the time to work part-time jobs and work exchanges compared to going to school, working in the US and working on my own work during free time, working on my own work at home. Nevermind. My current answer is that is much better to work abroad, whether for work exchange or part-time than to do anything at home. The new experience is worth it. I can make games from anywhere. The only con is the time wasted finding a job, but I think it's worth the time. I've also found that it's possible to find great people everywhere. It's not the high standards of Babycastles, but I'm sure I could find contemporary artists rather quickly.

8/24

8/26

The world consists of laborers, skilled la


8/29
from new phone:
Creating content (photos, personal blogs) are useless. It only affects friends. Should spend time on universally appreciated products.

Post photos on Facebook once in a while via Instagram so friends can follow?

The reason I don't like posting photos to Facebook is because I don't want to be an advocate of conspicuous consumption, but close friends truly want to have updates on my life.

Since artists make stuff their whole life, unknowingly to theirs. Maybe it's okay to continue making games on my own, for now. Jason Rohrer is a prime example. Actually, this applies to all indies.

Just continue doing the things you want.

People travel too quickly. They consume without digesting what they experienced. They are unable to apply these experiences to art. Maybe that's why they take pictures.

Even at the zoo, when there was a time to wait for a few seconds, Rice began playing a game. Her personality, like Sarah's enjoys doing things with people.

Maybe Jason Rohrer was right: a simple life is best. One can game enough experiences through media.

Perhaps Asians...?

thoughts from the bus ride (still from the phone):
Maybe I was looking for something closer to reality. In the suburbs you go from your house to a work-place without interacting with others. In a city, you interact with all classes of society. In other countries, you interact with a new set of people.

I am at my best when I am alone, or at least living alone and choosing times to go out.

The first day at any new job is still terrifying. New people, afraid this is the wrong place.

How do I maintain a stable job an make time for art? Teach part time for a year, learn a language, associate self with local artists, then get a professional job. Or freelance. Or go back to New York and take a film internship and work on games in spare time.

Try teaching.

8/30
After staying at the hostel, I felt bad again, just as I did at home. It is because I am not doing what I want to: making games and film. If I do anything else, I am depressed. It's all I think of.

"Take your time.", Ching advised. I think she is right, I should take my time. See if I can find a professional job in East Asia. If not, go to India and make games full-time. Teaching English is not worth my time. Don't rush into a job. From India, I can travel to other parts of India, or even Southeast and East Asia. Be sure to see Japan before going!

9/3
Maybe I don't enjoy relaxing. I like to keep moving.

Ching is amazed by everything. Her and John's travels, people, the past of people, details. She appreciates everything. Can take time to relax an appreciate. I'm more unidirectional. I think about one thing and go for it. I appreciate everything, but I don't stop my to enjoy, instead I enjoy and work simultaneously.

My creativity is completely gone. I'm merely living now. I think the problem is because I am not in control. I'm obeying others, unable to go at my pace. I need to learn how to cooperate better.

A lot of time is spent trying to teach kids. I wonder if it's better to simply bring kids along during daily activities. For example, I may need to repair a computer. Bring the kid to the computer store, come back, repair it, show the kid parts of the PC, and they will learn. This applies to house repairs, home improvement, whatever your job is, cooking, cleaning, anything. This way, work and teaching is done simultaneously.

9/6
Work should dictate direction, not travel. Work on art. Travel to work with similar minds.

Searching local art and the people within it is time consuming. It's like finding perfect friends to work with.

9/7
The reason I don't do too many outdoor activites: my primary activity is work. I fit entertainment and travel around it.

Too much time is spent on planning. Not enough time for doing.

9/9
While Babycastles continues to organize great events, while Andy releases a new iOS game and ports his old one to iPad, today, I consumed. I've become a consumer: the people I despise.

Sweta advises to cherish the moment, take advantage of it, be open, take it all in.

Might travel slowly after all. Spend time learning languages. Should take notes of observations and anthropology.

Traveling to hike mountains, night markets, and other somewhat touristy destinations should only make up a small amount of time. Most of the time should be spent in help exchange, learning a language, observing, and thinking of new ideas.

9/12
It's so much easier to obtain information and knowledge through the internet than in real life. Only the first two days in a new country are startling.

9/13
Ching's cooking is better than any food in Taiwan. It's healthy (little to no sugar and salt) and tasty. She cooks like I do: simply, but with more experience.

Blog on Facebook?

9/14
To make work tolerable, one should be creative within it...But the creativity itself will be limited to the work.

9/17
Finally feeling normal again. Maybe it was the weather. I now have a regular diet and excercise. I can clearly again!

The final destination choices:
NY. Babycastles. Film intern.
India. Independent game development. Independent film-making. Enter contests. Independently release games. Just keep making stuff.

The difference is existence like minded people.  For game development, I could work remotely with others. But still, the physical space for games only exists in large cities. The most prominent of them being NY. For film, I cannot work remotely. It is up to me.

9/18
You could live simply, doing everything yourself, or you can focus on work and let use other's work (cooking, school, babysitting).

I'm too quiet. I need to bring excitement in order to teach kids.

9/21
Ching and John live simply, getting news from people (work exchangers) and newspapers, but they can not track contemporary arts. They only know popular artists.

old thought, after reading about some artist in Taipei:
Create a lot of high quality content cheaply.

"Having mundane jobs that didn't require me to think allowed me to concentrate on my films in the evening," he explained. - Wei Te-Sheng

9/25
Teaching and day care for younger kids is definitely not for me (unless it's a specific class for a set amount of time). Well, I could teach English-speaking kids, especially by designing games and activites to teach, but more than anything, I'd rather be alone and make art.

Maybe I could try a different kind of volunteering job next time. Or one that has a set time, so that it feels more business oriented, and so that I feel I have a responsibility.

It's difficult to be creative when everything is given to you.

9/27
Ilea is a physics major student, but realized that she wants to be a doctor because she could not be alone as a researcher. She needs to be around people. She's overall an amazing person, but she's not an artist. She values time with people: She plays social phone games with friends, she looks at pictures she took with friends, she writes letters to friends, she watches videos of her friends, she enjoys talking about her past experiences with friends. I'm the opposite, but I still think I could be a great doctor, just not a nurse.

I feel that if I am not creating something, I am not doing anything. I even judge others on their work.

I need to learn to be comfortable enough in any environment to be creative. I need to learn to live with others.

I need to learn to sieze the moment when I am not abl to do the things I want (make games/films)

9/28
Ching *designs* her classes.

Still, travelling doesn't feel right. There has to be direction in order to motivate me.

10/2
A long talk with Kate about life:
Only child is bad because they don't learn to share, and they tend to befriend other only childs. They are spoiled. They become their parents.

The eldest child is responsible. The second and third have more freedom, often finding their interests.

My kinda has a single direction. I can learn by taking a break. Relaxing. See someting I could not see before, as I ignore most things.

10/4
I haven't used my computer for so long. I feel productive again. I really need to use it a few hours a day for productivity and direction.

10/5
Take your time. Choose the right place to live. Choose the right people to work with. Don't let time or money affect your choice.

10/6
Riding a scooter along the east cost of Taiwan was immensely refreshing. It is undoubtedly  the best way to travel. Although I love all forms of public transportation, having your own vehicle adds a large amount of freedom. It allows you to go at your own pace, allows you to wander, without a plan. You can just ride without worries. You can stop wherever you see something interesting. That is what made the trip around Chunghwa so great. We were able to go wherever we wanted to -- shell temple, beach, food, whatever. It's the road trip feeling. The pinnacle of freedom.

The current problem is that I treat traveling like a vacation. Everyday is a Saturday. I want to do everything. I need to learn how to live normally while traveling. Be creative. Live simply. Avoid going ape shit when everything around you is new.

I also just need a break. A place to live cheaply to use the computer.

Perhaps the cost of living pushes me to live as if I have limited time.

The idea was to travel around Taiwan. I thought I couldn't do that because it would feel like sheer consumerism, so I added the use of CouchSurfing to meet people. I was unable to find couchsurfers quick enough in some areas. Without people, I become a consumer. I need to learn to find cool local people, talk to them, join them, do something local (attend a local event, volunteer, tai chi, Go, etc.). Do something useful (talk to people, inspire them, volunteer, help).

10/13
It's great to have a medium to create art in. It becomes easy to be creative. You think about how to apply new experiences to the medium. You feel powerful.

10/17
With so many new things to create, why create another clone? Because it makes money.

I've lived in two extremes: work and consume. Both are bad. One needs balance. I also did not spend time with family or friends.

Fear is what stops people from doing the things they want to. Fear is what is stopping me. Why else would I have not made a film yet?

10/18
Life does not make sense without creating something. If you're not creating something, than what are you doing?

Living in Kuala Lumpur feels no different than home because I am neither travelling nor working. I am doing nothing. Just logging the past, which is useless.

Most people are consuming: learning, researching/thinking about what to do. Few are creating.

10/19
I'm always looking for new things to sonsume. This is wrong. I shouldn't need to consume much, as it takes time to apply it to art.

A 22 year old made a festival winning film (Another Earth). My portfolio is meaningless.

The problem is that I get too excited. Too excited when I experience something new. A new city. A new idea. I need to stay calm, patient, and put in daily work. Pinkies Up is still amazing. Finish it.

When I move to a new area, it takes me a few days to consume everything. To get used to it. Then I can begin work.

No more tea. Just excercise and water. Simple daily routine:
breakfast at hostel
poop/shower/brush
work at library
excercise
eat protien and fruit (fruit stand, shaved ice)
work at hostel
1 hour entertianment or event or movie
excercise
eat small (tasty meal)
sleep

10/20
The service class in Malaysia and Singapore appear to be tired all day. No one has the energy to begin conversation. Perhaps their diet affects them -- rice and tea.

10/21
Fear is sinking in. Fear in an undeveloped, fearful country. I need art to repel it.

Non-practical, unnecesarry things are demotivating. It drags like an unteresting class.

Experiencing art gives confidence in me. After watching a movie, I feel invincible, seeing the big picture. Listen to music, I feel good. Travelling, real life, needs an alternate reality for me to cope with it?

The only direction is foreward. Just keep going.

[can research and blog this]
Living in Malaysia, I feel alone, compared to Taiwan. In Taiwan, I feel invincible, because everyone around me is great. In Malaysia, my view is negative. Like a city. Selfish. Fearful.

In Malaysia, if you inconveniene someone, they get angry. In Taiwan, if you inconvenience someone, they don't mind, they understand, they help you.

I need to be more open to people in Malaysia, but it seems you cannot be open to all people, like in Taiwan. You're limited to few great people (found in contemporary arts, travellers, and rare individuals).

Although location does not matter, it would be nice to live in a place where the general public is happy, such as in San Francisco and Taiwan. I'm malleable. When people around me are not happy and fearful, I become unhappy and fearful too.

I'm malleable. Place me in Taiwan and I'll speak Mandarin, drink milk for breakfast, and become relaxed and happy.

Perhaps my perspective is jaded.

Taiwanese people are like the great people from San Francisco. The ones that enjoy work and life, and do not solely seek business/profit. Just well-rounded, happy people. I imagine people all over the world are happy, but there is a larger barrier associated with fear and urban development. Taiwan consists of area in all parts of the process of development (undeveloped, developing, developed), and in all parts, I've still felt the happiness of the people.

[can research and blog this]
Talking with Hameer, Kim, Zyed, and ? brought up an interesting point. Indigenous people are happy living their own way. Unhappiness comes when people try to develop the area. The people were happy, living simply, even when doing a very repetitive job. Once they see and experience development -- money, private sector jobs, new people fundamentally changing their lives -- they become unhappy. Is it right to develop? If they live, untouched, perhaps they will be stuck in a time, with little to no increase in intelligence. Which is more wrong?

Live a simple life. Family, friends, art, work, balance. Take your time. Perhaps the people at home are living it right, and I am wrong.

10/21
Apprehension sinks in further. I don't feel right. I have no current direction, no work, and until then, I will figure out my next move, I will feel this way.

Maybe it's the city. If I were on the East Coast of Taiwan, or the west coast of US, I think I'd feel great. Maybe it's the lack of social life, friends, family.

I need to wake up early and begin work early. Move quickly. Set things to do. The problem is not having a long-term project or job that I am working on. I need routine. I need something to look foreward to. I need to create my own projects instead of seek them. I need to stop consuming and start creating again.

I just need to watch a fucking movie and listen to music.

Too much time has been wasted on the following: consuming, researching cities, companies, people. Not enough time creating. All you have to do is join a project, do your part, and repeat. That's fucking it! WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU. GO NOWWWWWW. Does this mean I should go back to Babycastles? Be like Ida and take on several projects linked to media companies? Or should I finish my games alone (well, with Jon) in India?

10/23
No place in the world has embraced video games as art as New York has. No organization has done more to increase visibility of this new art form as Babycastles.

Can I go back? Professional work? Game designer intern? Film intern? Should I research intern/media companies/jobs from India before going? Make somethings of my own before going? Or just go, craigslist some gigs, and go from there.

In order to be excited about games and film, I need to play, watch, and create them! Surround yourself in it!

My current problem is that I am not as motivated as I used to be. When I first went to San Francisco and New York, I was motivated. SF was my first big city, so I made sure I had a job, and I explored the city. In NY, I worked on personal art, and attended game-related events, and even did a film internship. In Taiwan, there is an uncertainty in direction. If I go to Hong Kong, I would need that motivation toward either or both game in film to survive. Do I have it in me anymore? Am I willing to work for another stupid company? Or would I rather work on personal art in India? Will the motivaiton come back? Will I be excited enough to work 12 hours a day again?

Kick self into gear, into direction: Go to India, work on personal stuff, keep up with media, keep an eye on opportunities, only travel for work, never the other way around. Keep an eye on things in NY/Babycastles. Help Babycastles. Finish Trollkit.

One thing is for sure: my travels are over. There is no way I can travel for longer than a weekend or a week at most.

~10/22
A week flies by, uselessly, just like the time I was at home, unable to create new work, unable to begin new work, because I feel that I shouldn't begin work until I settle somewhere, when I should be able to work anywhere, even for a single hour.

10/24
I think the problem with me travelling is that I'm unable to balance travel and work. I can only do one or the other. To balance both, you have to live in a place for months, travelling only during free time, working most of the time, like in NY or SF. In order to do this, one must find a cheap place to stay for 3 months, and one must have an ongoing project.

It's so easy to make a film. Just buy a simple camcorder, enter contests, and make stuff!

10/25
Now that I am not travelling, just computering in Kuala Lumpur, I feel great again. I feel like creating things, since I am not seeing new things everday. One has to deprive oneself of new things to create new things.

10/26
A reoccuring thought:
In that Korean film similar to Once, the male artist plays music alone. When he meets a girl, he plays music for another person for the first time. Then he goes on to play publicly at concerts. That's my core problem. I'm still shy and unconfident to perform publicly.

Focus on pushing the mediums of art, nothing else. Also, make stuff all of the time.

10/27
Making commercial games is terrible. Making commercial videos, seems pretty fun!

Don't tie self down to an area. Being free, I am able to record anything. Go to another city, record a musician, go to another, record a shadow puppet. Backpack and film.

I figured it out. Make film in KL. Finish Pinkes Up in India. Make smaller games and films on the side.

10/30
Now that I'm getting back into work, or maybe because of the talk with Shila, I now see how fucking miserable and useless people are. The Malaysian workers, travelers, everyone. There's one Filipino girl who's taken a long vacation staying in Singapore then Malaysia, just living without work. Often talking, on Facebook, or complaining about life. There's another Filipino guy who studied architecture, possibly worked, then taught architecture in the Philippines. He wants to work in Singapore, so he's in Kuala Lumpur, looking for a job from here. He must be 40 years old. It seems as if he knows nothing. Went to school but has no passion in design and likely not much practial experience. The workers at the hostel just appear tired. No dreams. No ambition. No social life. No fun.

Maybe this is how New York was. I just didn't pay attention because I was very narrow-minded at the time, only thinking about making games and going to contemporary art events.

The difference between Taiwan/SF and Malaysia/New York is huge. I would much rather live in a place where everyone is happy than to live in a place where I can only communicate with friends, or people with specific interests.

The temperature does make a difference. It's difficult to maintain normal temperature, especially when I move so much. I need cold water to quench my thirst. I need to be able to run around for endurance. I need to have a good position while I use the computer. I need a silent place to work with A/C. I need music. I need movies. I had all of these things when I was in New York and San Francisco. Netflix, a nice nearby library, a commute via public transportation. It was the perfect working condition. I need to find a way to emulate that while traveling. Or, become extremely motivated toward a single direction, in which all of the aforementioned body altering factors would not matter.

10/31
If you're not making something great, then you are doing nothing.

Make Pinkies Up. Then make a great film. Then join great people and do great things.

I'm not motivated to finish The Warehouse, Temples, and New York because I know they are not great. Just technical excercise to create something quickly. Nothing more. Game prototypes at least have the benefit of checking if the game works or is fun. Making a crappy video has no ultimate goal. The video goes to trash.


The world won. I lost. When I set out to East Asia, I thought I could balance work exchange, travel, and personal work. Instead, I consumed, created zero personal work, travelled the wrong way, and performed poorly at the work exchange. My diet, level of thoughts was bad.

What went wrong? I traveled to fast. I need to go slow, think things through, then go. Indecisive points in my life are crippling. I feel like I'm not doing anything, but I need to remember design and planning is work. Work without a plan is useless.

A much better way to travel would have been to have a plan. A direction. Make films of people. Make media with a company in East Asia. Make something great. Make something.

Ah well. It's over. Back to my happy, lonely, self, which somehow feels right. I'm sure in another's perspective my life appears terrible, but this is all I want.

"Never make a decision out of despearation, think through it".


Thinking about 80's animated TV shows, Hollywood blockbusters, and social games. It's crazy and stupid how business work so hard without design or thought, competing with money and labor.


Now that I'm getting back into routine, I enjoy it, but I realize it is quite sad. The world is talking, eating, working, enjoying, while I'm working toward something I'm unsure of, while everyone is asleep. I should really try to fix my sleeping problem. Try melatonin tonight.


11/1
Wherever you work, make sure the projects are short. Three month projects. Only personal projects that are grand can be longer.

11/2
I've wasted so many days wondering, like those rare moments, possibly once a month, when I need a break from work when I was in NY and SF.

The less you see the world, the more beautiful it becomes. Experience the world little bits at a time, cherish it, think about it, use the experience in your art.

Today was a great day, just like an ordinary day in SF and NY. I had a healthy breakfast, went to the library to get some work done, ate some meat, went to a cafe in a new area, worked some more, explored the area, ate some fruit, witnessed a chinese parade for a funeral, and now I'm back at the hostel. Working keeps me sane. It keeps my brain occupied, away from distractions. After work, I appreciate everything more. A simple working life is all my personality desires.

Being productive is difficult in KL at my hostel because I have to go out of my way to create a good working environment. The lobby is too hot, so I have to be sure to constantly keep drinking water. Water costs money, and the fridge is on the terrace. The bean bags cause bad posture. The terrace is likely hot during the day, and has mosquitos during the night. The room has a mediocre air conditioner at night, but I'm on the top bunk and it's difficult to have good posture. I need a place in which I have a good temperature, can use multiple postures, and can exercise.

This same problem occurred at the English school in Taiwan. It was hot, there was no air conditioner, and there were a ton of mosquitos at night. I constantly had to drink water, eat something cold, and try to ignore the mosquitos.

All of this could be solved by waking up early, so that I can work at libraries during the day and wifi cafes at night.

11/3
Number one priority: fix sleeping problem. I was able to wake up late in NY and SF because I had places I could work. The library was open until midnight, and I able to work a little more at the apartment. I can't do that in East Asian countries. Besides, I'm missing out on a lot of social life. I could be finding subjects to film, talking to people, instead of searching for places that are open.

If I was able to wake up earlier, then I'd be able to have a balance social and work life.

A note from a few days ago:
Routines are good but if you continue without going out and doing something very creative, then you can lose confidece, and creativity, trapping yourself into working on something that may end up not creative at all. The solution to this is side projects, road trips, doing something new.

In KL, I figured I could create videos with my iPhone and iPad. Why didn't I do this in NY? Because I was aiming for something great for the first film? No, because I was afraid.

11/4
You need an idea to be motivated. An idea requires time seperated for creativity.

I should at least have enough confidence and creativity to run a hostel or cafe.

11/5
Find people in a new place only takes a week. I found Babycastles within the first week of moving into the apartment in New York. Vincent Moon is able to gauge the indie music scene in one week, and the shoot the next. Just do some internet research, contact people, and go from there.

11/8
Everyday that passes without work is a waste. Thinking without writing thoughts. Thoughts without forming an idea. An idea without work.

Changing hostels and wandering in Penang:
An absolutely beautiful city waiting to be filmed. Instead, my head is full of stupid thoughts. Why am I not working at the pace I have for the past year in New York and San Francisco?

Here's what I need to do: sit, think of idea, shoot, edit, publish. Stop wandering and sit.

Sometimes I feel that if I don't go out to explore, I'm doing nothing sitting at the hostel, when, in fact, I'm doing nothing by exploring.

Wandering around Penang reminds me of times wandering during my first few weekends in San Francisco and New York, and my youth, when I wandered around neighborhoods on my bike.

11/9
I felt great last night, and today, after being able to to use my computer at the wonderful Roommates hostel. I hope this lasts forever.

Note to self: Don't skimp out on a hostel. Go to the best rated within a budget. It's part of the experience. Don't stay too long in a place that doesn't make you feel good.

Today was great in the morning and probably now, at night, but during the day, I wandered for far too long again. I'm still not focused enough. I went way too far out for food. And then some more food. Then I didn't find my subjects to film. Still, better than before. Penang is perfect. Stay here. Stay at the hostel and work like Aky and that white guy who spoke Mandarin at JV's hostel. Film here. Even for the next two weeks. It's okay. Keep filming to get into my work routine, and until I get the process down.

Until I'm married, I move wherever the work is. Later, I will have to choose where to settle. Near work, friends, family, or a happy city (San Francisco, Taiwan, Penang).

11/10
I went to two conjoined malls in Penang. Both had tons of camera stores. Neither one sold microphones, or any film-related equipment. A testament of consumerism in digital cameras.

I should keep art and business seperate. Trying to combine the two is unfulfilling in terms of art and money.

I should consider filming the artisans of Penang as an internship, or class.

11/11
My conversation speech should be at the level of Bean and Babycastles.

Hikes are useless. They take far too long, and you don't see much. Maybe I just have trouble thinking while hiking. Or maybe because one hour of down time is enough for me.

Do research before choosing where to go. Use Lonely Planet things to do. Google images. The computer can save a ton of time, despite it being away from real life.

11/12
I should be more like Iliad. Go out. Find interesting people. Talk to them. Document the story of their lives. Take scooter out.

11/13
Still wondering around too much. Also went out with hostel people. Waste of time. Need to become my former self and ignore everyone, uninfluenced by anything. FOCUS!

11/16
It is clear that I want to create great work with great people. That is all. It doesn't matter where. Make great stuff. Babycastles standards.

Socialize only for family, friends, and courtesy, otherwise, stick to your own plans. High standards. Work. Don't let other influence you away from it. No need for travel. No need to talk

11/19
Phew. Been sick. Time to prepare for some Vincent Moon style filmmaking! Contact musicians (indie and traditional), shoot video, edit a little (titles, color), publish. That's fucking it. Google indie and traditional musicians. Ask Ebrahim for professor. How much money do I have left? I need enough to get to Thailand.

Sound is recorded seperately from camera. It's done really well, not sure how. Buy two lapels, one h4n, a hotshoe for h4n, a directional mic?

11/20
Maybe it's the difference in the pace between programming and filmmaking that threw me off so badly. Programming keeps your brain occupied at all times. Filmmaking does not. It's slow. It depends on other's schedules. There's a lot of waiting, and I hate waiting. I need to bring along something else to do for the times between. Language practice. Simultaneously create other films.

I really should book a single room. Sit down. Think. Watch a movie. Read Vincent Moon's blog. Make some movies. Think clearly on my next steps. Go slowly.

He's extremely busy. Somtimes he travels for an organized gig. Sometimes he has no clue what he will do. He mentioned he stays with musicians for free accomodation and food.

In work, time is everything. In travel, time is nothing.

11/22
Finally, a day I feel normal again. Being sick and staying at the same place has brought about my normal routine self. I've nearly concluded that being unable to control my body condition has affected my mind. I need an air conditioned room, to sleep in and for work. I need to eat cereal for breakfast, protien for lunch, and a mix for dinner. Without these things, my body functions abnormally, my mind is unable to think properly. At the work exchange, the apartment and school did not have air conditioner. Furthermore, there was mosquitos at night, so I could not use the computer to get any work done. In Kuala Lumpur, I was eating improperly, staying out in the heat for too long. Now, finally, after sleeping for 9+ hours, waking up at my normal 10:30am from an air conditioned room, eating cereal, pooping (albeit diarreah), I feel great.

Never sacrifice the body, unless absolutely necessary. There is no point in travelling if one cannot think correctly.

Things necessary to maintain good body condition:
air conditioned room
plain breakfast
protien lunch
water
sleep

This is why living in a new area is far better than travelling for me. Travelling often sacrifices these things. Or, I get overexcited and sacrificee my body. Moving ot SF and NY was perfect because I had my own room. I was in control of my body. SF more so because the temperature is perfect outside, so much so that I could get work done outside.

If I have to work at the place I am sleeping, then take a walk outside in the morning, lunch, and dinner. A library or workplace to commute to is not required. Just take a small trip and come back.

Simply living in an area with a colder climate solves everything.

Drive slow, homie.


Maybe the reason I have to work, I have to create, that consuming alone is meaningless, is because I want to share my feelings with others, and art is the only way I know how.

It's rare to find a traveller at a hostel that is an artists type. Artists work most of the time, not travel. The people at hostels are either with friends or the tourist traveller type (in varying degrees of tourism and length of time for travel).

Maybe I still haven't learned to be myself in the company of others. That's why I am not calm with other people around me. Unable to think the same way as I am alone. Or maybe I only allow others to affect me when I do not have an absolute direction.

Experience great things, make great things.

Watching a great movie keeps me sane. It helps me focus on making great things, pushing away all other distractions.


11/23
During the day I am too distracted by life, and my body. At night, I can work forever.

11/24
When I don't have any work, I look for work.

11/27
Although I enjoy the way Vincent Moon makes films, I hope I have enough patience to create something greater in length. Jorge Borges felt vast books are tautologic. Is it possible to sustain a career of short projects?

11/29
New roomies. They've travelled quickly and well, using SkyScanner to go wherever, then the internet to find cool things nearby. For example, they went from Bangkok to Philippines, without knowing what to do. At the airport they figured out they wanted to go to Bohol and Boracay. In Bohol, they went to the top of the hill and swam with ten whale shark in the same day. In Boracay, they explored the entire island. From Bohol, they took a ferry, then a bus to Manilla airport, a flight to Kuala Lumpur, a bus to Penang, in the same day. Now, they've figured out they wanted to see the largest flower, and possibly the fruit farm. They are motivated to travel. See certain things.

Why am I unable to do this? Why am I not motivated to travel? My personality can only consume so much without creating something. Without work. I'm only motivated to work.

The girls do remind me that my pace has slown down drastically. I need to work quickly. I should be able to make two films per week!

11/30
I can make a movie about anything I want to. It doesn't have to rely on a fun game mechanic. It can be about anything I find interesting. Norodom Sihanouk, gentrification, bums, whatever. Just have to go through with it.

The only cost of making games and film is time. No equipment is required. With time, anything is possible. It is clearly best to work at a high paying job, quit, and slowly use the money to create games and film. But even working at a high paying job is a waste of time. Have to make sure the people at the company are great. Friend that I love to work with.

At home, with internet, a refridgerator, and air conditioner, one is in control of everything: heat, media consumption, food intake, and communication. One can follow the body's wants and live a simple life in such a place, consuming very little. Still, able to get excited and create.

Like the main character from the Descendents, I too fail to spend time with people until it becomes a responsibility.

12/1
Like Humans of New York, I should be able to create one film per week, showing the a day of life a single person. Anyone. *************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

One project at a time dawg.

Maybe the reason I can't simply travel or consume is because I feel it is meaningless. I feel like nothing is being accomplished. I see things, have amazing experiences, but what's the point if I can't share it with others? Hence, art. Make art that outlasts me. Make an impact on the world. Doctors and teachers make a direct impact. Actually, everyone makes an impact. Farmers, receptionists, all classes are needed for the world to work. All you can do is choose one, and do it well and happily.

12/2
It's crazy how much I rely on music and movies to help me do routine work.

Maybe I find it difficult to balance work and fun. Or maybe I don't want fun. Or maybe I forgot how to have fun.

12/3
With the internet, what's the difference in living in a developed country and an underdeveloped one (assuming I have money)?

Overeating today wasted 3 hours. The heat during my walk to the ticket office caused me to dehydrate and feel hungry, although I wasn't. Need to control myself. It seems infinitely harder to control my body when travelling.

Music has a calming effect, allowing me to be productive at the cost of creativity.

Maybe I don't enjoy moving, but I do enjoy sitting and thinking, while moving, hence my love for transporation and movies.

12/4?
BLOG THIS (and the rest of the thoughts):
Perhaps playing games forced social interaction upon me. Instead of saying, hey let's talk (or drink in case of many adults), it's hey let's play a game. And so, we play the game together. Along the way, normal social interaction occurs. Conversation. Eating. Basic things.

Movies are a one way device. No one talks during the experience, only before and after.

Games allow basic social interactions during the experience. This is where it can really show its power.

I don't think games replace basic social interaction, I just think it's a nice way to bring people together, experience something new, together, creating moments together.

Most other mediums do not have replay ability. Games create a new experience every time you play. Films and books cannot be replayed.

12/6
My interest is in people. Cultural differences and similarities. Not sites. I'm not interested in seeing an old building or even natural wonders. I want to see people. People living in a different way.

I need to learn to stay in direction whene around other people. But then again, can one get the same feelings when alone? When you live and travel with others, I think the feelings are lessened. Going alone is definitely the best. Is it possible to get personal work done at a hostel, as opposed to a single private room? It should be. Focus on the work, nothing else. Time yourself.

12/7
I should be able to relax like the girl from Seattle. Chill at a beach. Chill at the countryside. No rush. No influence from others. Like Viral. Go at my own pace, despite what everyone else is doing.

12/10
Cities are amazing, in the way all classes of society exist. Cities are where people struggle, pushing the human condition to an extreme. From brand name designer customers to prostitutes imported from a poor area to young professionals to starving artists. Small towns don't suffer nearly as much. It is the ideal place to film human struggle.


12/11
I feel great. I think this time, I'm back to normal for good. I'm back on my grind. Hours go by slowly. What I do depends on the hour.

12/12
Holy shit, the speed of my PC and internet make a huge difference, bottlenecking my thought speed. Use PC, not mac. If the internet is slow, go somewhere else.

I'm starting to think my location affects me. It was only when I arrived in a developed city, Bangkok, that I felt good again. With it's abundance of cafe, a middle class contemporary society, artists, libraries, I'm myself again.

"Researching" contemporary musicians is fun!


While watching A Seperation:
This film proves why I don't enjoy touring. It's over-excessive, consumerism. I must make films about struggle, so people know how fortunate they are to live. Find a way to do this. Do it now. Don't worry about money. Only time. I can pay off 20k if I need to. STOP WASTING TIME. WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU FEAR? WHY ARE YOU BEING SO CHEAP. MAKE STUFF. DO IT WELL. STAY SHARP. NO SLACK. YOU ARE HERE, AWAY FROM YOUR PARENTS, FAMILY, AND FRIENDS TO MAKE SOMETHING GREAT. NON-STOP WORK. NO MORE.

STAY AT HOSTEL UNTIL I FIGURE EVERYTHING OUT. BOOK THIS WEEK AND THE NEXT. START FILMING. YOU DONT NEED A CAMERA. NO EXCUSES. CALL PEOPLE. ALL DAY. NON-STOP. WTF HAS HAPPENED TO YOU SINCE YOU BEGAN TRAVELLING? HAVE YOUR FORGOTTON YOUR FORTUNE? BEING MISERABLE TRAVELLING?

Perhaps I must watch movies that involve human struggle to maintain a normal state of mind. Without them, I wander. Watch a movie twice a week.

Jon's top bot pales in comparison to what I must do. Vincent Moon pales too.

...but Vincent Moon is a start. If I can't make a Vincent Moon video, then how will I every make A Seperation?

People struggle, while I have fun (try). No wonder nothing ever felt right. No wonder working only feels right. Not for things that are fun, but for things that are serious.

Starve yourself of everything. Disipline yourself. No travel. Just work.



12/13
Perhaps the environment does affect me. When I am in a city, I go at a city pace. When I am at home, I lose hope. When I am in a less developed area without access to a well-lit library, cafes, intelligence, health food, good weather, I become stupid as well. I must surround myself around great people. If I travel, I need to bring them along with me, or, have a singular goal.

Perhaps my personality just does not care to talk to non-artists / non-intellects. Some personalities are able to care for others, selflessly. Not me.

So much work can be done on the computer. Infinitely faster than walking and talking.

12/14
I find it difficult to be creative around others. Perhaps because being creative is so personal, and the relationship with another person has to be strong in order to share these personal feelings.

Then again, with Babycastles, it was perfect...

I just have to be with the right people.

from an e-mail to Jon:
I also dread not being around people excited about these things. Maybe that's why I thrive in cities?

In Bangkok, I've crept back to my usual library droning self. Is this normal? It's okay  if work needs to be done, otherwise, I don't think it is. There must be a balance. Work, be createive, yet communicate with people.

By creating public events and placing amazing yet unknown games in public spaces, Babycastles has inspired people to play and create games.

conclusion:
I can only do what I am interested in: games and film and making things with friends.

12/15
Learning and work and occurs when sitting down and thinking. Well, not quite. There's a lot one can learn by doing...

Of my entire trip, I never relaxed. No beach. No sitting. Is it possible for me to relax? Perhaps the times when I'm sitting at a library, designing new games, sitting on public transportation. I just need to sit. For an entire day. And write.

12/16
Best way to travel: go somewhere new, rent or buy a motorcycle, choose a direction, and go.

Maybe once I learn to relax, I'll be able to take on larger ideas.

12/17
After reading the gawker article "I am Adam Lanza's mother" and about the Sandy Hook school shooting:

Again, the thought of psychology of growing up comes up. Or genetics. I feel like Tree of Life covered some of these feelings. I surely went through them. I was a kid, angry at times, loving at others.

The mother who empathized with with the situation in the article has the same problem with her kid. Her kid is quite crazy at times, threatening to kill himself and his mother. What are her options?: Take him out of school and into a "public babysitter" until he's 18. Charge him, so the feds have a paper trail and take him seriously. Already tried behavioral drugs. Already tried behavioral methods in recovery. Take hime to the mental institution / prison. The ratio of mentally ill people in prison is really high.

Reading some more about Aspergers Syndrome, I have a lot in common. 

"A lack of demonstrated empathy has a significant impact on aspects of communal living for persons with Asperger syndrome.[2] Individuals with AS experience difficulties in basic elements of social interaction, which may include a failure to develop friendships or to seek shared enjoyments or achievements with others (for example, showing others objects of interest), a lack of social or emotional reciprocity (social "games" give-and-take mechanic), and impaired nonverbal behaviors in areas such as eye contact, facial expression, posture, and gesture."

Unusually sensitive or insensitive to sound, light, and other stimuli. Like to have sleep problems. Parents of children with AS have higher levels of stress; Hm, haven't thought about that much.

Asperger's seems like a term used to categorized certain abnormal traits. The traits I have fit a lot of other categorizations. This is what makes us human. These traits, the bad ones and good. This is why I'm able to focus on my interests, and be myself, while others live normally.

I rarely think about things like this, and merely live on. Childhood, adult, psychology.

I think, at a certain moment, I too could have shot someone. When I was a kid, there were times where I was extremely angry, here I'd want to kill someone. And I think I may have even made threats. With access to a nearby gun, the thought of using it would come up.

when individuals suffer "mental health problems in a quiet compliant way, people don't pay attention".

I only think about these things after experiencing some media or real life event that involves psychology. 99% of the time, I'm busy living. Should I stop and think about these things? Fix my personality problems? Or continue living?

From Personality Disorder wiki:

Personality disorder refers to a class of personality types and enduring behaviors associated with significant distress or disability, which appear to deviate from social expectations particularly in relating to other humans.

...

These behavioral patterns in personality disorders are typically associated with substantial disturbances in some behavioral tendencies of an individual, usually involving several areas of the personality, and are nearly always associated with considerable personal and social disruption. Additionally, personality disorders are inflexible and pervasive across many situations, due in large part to the fact that such behavior may be ego-syntonic (i.e. the patterns are consistent with the ego integrity of the individual) and are, therefore, perceived to be appropriate by that individual. This behavior can result in maladaptive coping skills, which may lead to personal problems that induce extreme anxiety, distress or depression.[5] The onset of these patterns of behavior can typically be traced back to early adolescence and the beginning of adulthood and, in some instances, childhood.

Schizoid personality disorder wiki:

"Because of their lack of meaningful communication with other people, those who are diagnosed with SPD are not able to develop accurate images of how well they get along with others."

…
People with SPD are often aloof, cold and indifferent, which causes interpersonal difficulty. Most individuals diagnosed with SPD have trouble establishing personal relationships or expressing their feelings in a meaningful way. They may remain passive in the face of unfavorable situations. Their communication with other people may be indifferent and concise at times. Because of their lack of meaningful communication with other people, those who are diagnosed with SPD are not able to develop accurate images of how well they get along with others.[10]

Such images are believed to be important for a person's self-awareness and ability to assess the impact of their own actions in social situations. R.D. Laing suggests that when one is not enriched by injections of interpersonal reality, the self-image becomes increasingly empty and volatilized, which leads the individual to feel unreal.[10]
People with SPD "feel lost" without the people they are normally around, because they require a sense of security and stability.[11] When the individual's personal space is violated, they feel suffocated and feel the need to free themselves and be independent. People who have SPD tend to be happiest when they are in a relationship in which the partner places few emotional or intimate demands on them. It is not people as such that they want to avoid, but emotions both negative and positive, emotional intimacy, and self disclosure.[12]

This means that it is possible for schizoid individuals to form relationships with others based on intellectual, physical, familial, occupational, or recreational activities as long as these modes of relating do not require or force the need for emotional intimacy, which the affected individual will reject. Donald Winnicott explains this need to modulate emotional interaction by saying that schizoid individuals "prefer to make relationships on their own terms and not in terms of the impulses of other people." Failing to attain that, they prefer isolation.[13]

1. Neither desires nor enjoys relationships or human interaction, including being part of a family
2. Almost always chooses solitary activities
3. Has little, if any, interest in having sexual experiences with another person
4. Takes pleasure in few, if any, activities
5. Lacks close friends or confidants other than first-degree relatives
6. Appears indifferent to praise or criticism by others
7. Shows emotional coldness, detachment, or flattened affect

I think Jonathan Blow is schizoid. Along with Vincent Moon and Christopher Doyle.

"The patient must remember with feeling the emergence of his or her false self through childhood, and remember the conditions and proscriptions that were imposed on the individual’s freedom to experience the self in company with others."

APPLY THESE THOUGHTS TO GAME OR FILM.

ALSO, TREAT SCHIZOID PROBLEM BY BEFRIENDING SOMEONE. GETTING REALLLLLLY CLOSE. FIND A GIRL.

ALSO, DONT THINK ABOUT THIS CRAP FOR TOO LONG AND LIVE ON!

I think people in the city are more likely to have psychological problems. People in the suburbs and at home are able to live normal lives, but people in the city can't, so they seek some alternate lifestyle.

Introversion is "the state of or tendency toward being wholly or predominantly concerned with and interested in one's own mental life".[4] Some popular writers have characterized introverts as people whose energy tends to expand through reflection and dwindle during interaction.[5] This is similar to Jung's view, although he focused on psychic energy rather than physical energy. Few modern conceptions make this distinction.
The common modern perception is that introverts tend to be more reserved and less outspoken in groups. They often take pleasure in solitary activities such as reading, writing, using computers, hiking and fishing. The archetypal artist, writer, sculptor, engineer, composer and inventor are all highly introverted. An introvert is likely to enjoy time spent alone and find less reward in time spent with large groups of people, though he or she may enjoy interactions with close friends. Trust is usually an issue of significance: a virtue of utmost importance to an introvert is choosing a worthy companion. They prefer to concentrate on a single activity at a time and like to observe situations before they participate, especially observed in developing children and adolescents.[6] They are more analytical before speaking.[7] Introverts are easily overwhelmed by too much stimulation from social gatherings and engagement, introversion having even been defined by some in terms of a preference for a quiet, more minimally stimulating environment.[8]
Introversion is not seen as being identical to shy or to being a social outcast. Introverts prefer solitary activities over social ones, whereas shy people (who may be extroverts at heart) avoid social encounters out of fear,[9] and the social outcast has little choice in the matter of his or her solitude.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nature_versus_nurture

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Nurture_Assumption

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birth_order

"parents have a role in selecting their children's peer group, especially in the early years"

"Children identify with their classmates and playmates rather than their parents, modify their behavior to fit with the peer group, and this ultimately helps to form the character of the individual."

STICK TO HIGH EDUCTION AREAS. HIGHLY EDUCATED FRIENDS. HIGHLY EDUCATED PEOPLE.

BABYCASTLES.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nature_versus_nurture (again)

Some of my first thoughts I've written in this file is about this debate. It seems there is a barrier in which environment matters (extremely poor environment), but after that, it's up to genetics. Nope! It seems genetics and environment weave in a complex way to create heritable changes (epigenetics, gene-environment interactions, gene-environment correlations, etc.).


Evidence suggests that family environmental factors may have an effect upon childhood IQ, accounting for up to a quarter of the variance. The American Psychological Association's report "Intelligence: Knowns and Unknowns" (1995) states that there is no doubt that normal child development requires a certain minimum level of responsible care. Here, environment is playing a role in what is believed to be fully genetic (intelligence) but it was found that severely deprived, neglectful, or abusive environments have highly negative effects on many aspects of children's intellect development. Beyond that minimum, however, the role of family experience is in serious dispute. On the other hand, by late adolescence this correlation disappears, such that adoptive siblings are no more similar in IQ than strangers.

I've written the thought before: Asians are more likely to have their family friends as their peers, whereas Americans are likely to join their own peer group.

Perhaps the films I watch, and want to make, display these questions in psychology. It's weird how personal thoughts interweave with art. I think film currently holds a more powerful position in art as it is so close to human life. Watching humans live, struggle, offers a more personal experience than pressing buttons to move things. In order for a game to be this powerful, the interaction of the game must affect humans in a deep manner. How is it possible for games to cause such emotions.

12/18
Still in deep thought.

PERSONAL / PSYCHOLOGICAL IMPROVEMENT:
I need to invest time in people I value. Who do I value? Family, freinds, peers. Family took the time to nurture. Old friends were close at a point in my life, but I can't hold on to them forever. I'm not within proximity of family and old friends in daily life. I can only occasionally have a meaningful conversation. Current friends and peers, that I likely work with, share interests with, deserve deep conversation and normal social interaction. See where it leads. Friends. Intimacy? Work partners. These are likely the most intelligent people I know. Don't leave them unless you've outgrown them. There's nothing else to see in the world. Just create great work with great people.

People: Family, Babycastles, VA friends, Jacob, Jon.
Have conversation with Family, VA freinds. Work with Babycastles, Jon, and Zack.

Learn to detect when I feel my personal space is being violated. Take time off to sit and think. Don't be so indifferent when near people I value. Show emotions. Take action.

Try a little harder to have normal social interaction with everyday people, including family and old friends.

Invest time in people you love.


FUTURE PLANNING:

My personality is such that I go in one direction. I've been going in this direction my entire life. Games, film, media, art. Until I have a greater responsibility such as a disabled family member, or a child, I continue to do this.

I've outgrown my elementary school friends, middle school friends, high school friends, childhood friends, college friends, co-employees, and even my family. I'm always going toward a direction of intellect. This lead me to San Francisco, and later, to Babycastles, Zack, and Jon. Thus far, these are the most intelligent people I've encountered, or, people that I most value.

Now, I must join these people, work with them, to create great things. Become close to them. Spend time to socially interact with them, so I don't lose them.

Although possible, it's not worth finding new people in a new city again. I was satisifed with Babycastles. There's no need to look any further. I'm sure I can find everything I want in New York. It's a cool experience to live and work in a new city, but building personal relationships is more important. Babycastles know everyone, within all fields, all over the world. They had an exhibition in France, Kunal had concerts in Denmark(?), the others worked on great personal projects too. Stick to NYU/Parson's/Columbia and local museums. There's nothing to find in other countries. NY possible has the greatest indie game scene. It may even have the greatest film scene.

It's also close to family. A chinatown bus away means I can for any holiday and even just for a weekend. Or in between projects.

Hong Kong, Paris, Japan. It would be cool, but the direction would be the same. I would enter the city, find things I'm interested in: high quality games and film, socialized and work with people involved in those things. The time it takes to do this actually doesn't take too long, just some internet research. But the time it takes to make friends does take long. Each time I leave an area, I leave people. I need to stay put in New York. I definitely did not outgrow New York. I am still the least experienced person in Babycastles.

The choices after working with Jon in India are:
1. work on personal games and film, while keeping up with current art.
2. work with Babycastles. Find other great people in New York to work with. Start with contacts in New York. Don't leave unless there is a project I'm interested in elsewhere. New York is the starting point and base. Will the worry of money come back while living in New York? I can only hope not, and choose projects without the influence of money. Although I love the city of San Francisco more, I've made greater contacts in New York. My New York contacts are much closer to creating great art, whereas San Francisco is held back by money.

[12/19, but it fits better here]
WHAT WENT WRONG AND WHY?

Still quite undecided on which country to go to, I went to Taiwan. I pushed myself, because I couldn't stand wasting time at home. In Taiwan, the relaxed, touristy hostel life didn't feel right, so I pushed myself to work. In hindsight, it was a good choice. Working for only a month instead of six months. It wasn't something I wanted to spend so much time on. And Jon and Chang were amazing. Then I pushed myself to go around the country. Because I could not simply tour around, I decided to focus on CouchSurfing. I felt that meeting people is the optimal way to travel. I'd meet people, different people, see how they live, their personality, their life. They also decide the things to do, so I don't have to decide. After going around the country, I missed my flight to the Philippines. So I bought a ticket to Singapore as it was cheap. I really just wanted to be in a cheap area so that I have time to relax. Think. Film. Sinapore was expensive, so I went to Kuala Lumpur. I struggled making film in Kuala Lumpur (see below). So I went to Penang, in hopes of a more small town feel. It was perfect. Like San Francisco, I felt at ease. The perfect place to film. So I tried filming again. I found out that film needed subjects, found subjects, shot them. It was done in poor quality because I just wanted to create something. Also, I didn't know what I was doing. It was all based on feelings. Impulse. After being sick for a long time, I felt I was done with Penang. I shot everything I needed to. I started feeling better. It was time to move on, to better food, and a better quality of life. In Thailand, I immediately felt better. back to my routine. The city provides me air conditioner, cafes, libraries. A place to work wherever I go. Now I'm my normal, introverted, computer-using self.

WHY DID I STRUGGLE IN KUALA LUMPUR?
I was still in over-consumming mode. I wanted to wander and tour around, but it was hot outside, and somehow the heat made me hungry. The films (The Warehouse and Temples) were done. I lost motivation and moved on.

The same thing occurred in Taiwan and Penang.

WHY DID I OVER-CONSUME EVERYWHERE (except now, in Bangkok)
I always do this. I go crazy when I experience new things. The first time I moved to San Francisco I overconsumed. A lot. I explored every street to figure out the best place to rent an apartment. In the process, I over-consumed. Wandering leads to over-thinking and over-eating. I need discipline myself. There's no point in experiencing new things without being able to apply it to art.

The only time I am disciplined is if I am motivated toward some kind of work. Then I go in to routine mode, and do not notice anything else in the world. I work, 12 hours a day. Pure motivation. It's what wakes me up. Keeps me happy. Stable.

So the lesson is: When I am feeling unmotivated (not wanting to wake up, no project to look forward to), don't go out over-consuming. Don't even try to sit down in routine. You have no project, therefore you have no work that required routine.***** You have to either take a break (without over-consumming) or sit down. Think about what you want to do next. Use this time to socialize. Help your family and friends. Watch a movie. Play a game. Use media to calm you and inspire your next move. And when you enter a new place, remember to take some time at the end of the day to think. Digest what you saw.

Old thought found:
What causes a slump?
Not being motivated for an idea? Working on things I don't care about? Carb-heavy diet?

What cures a slump?
An idea? A creative activity? Caffiene? Going outside? Time?





Need to figure out what I fear about mental illness. Being mentall ill (lost potential), how society reacts, or others?


Already, I feel like I'm thinking too much, going too slow which leads to an anti-social night life. Movie time? Perhaps movies are what made up the lack of social life for me? WAKE UP AND GO OUT TOMORROW! ... This is why I have trouble designing ideas. I feel like I'm doing nothing, although I am doing something. Or maybe it's just the hostel which doesn't allow me to be in a comfortable sitting position. Argh!

It seems only art keeps me motivated right now. If only I had more responsibilities. The goal should be to have more responsibilities. A job? A family? Take care of mom and Shila? Do something important, practical. Be a doctor in a developing country. Help people, directly. Create a NPO, handle the business and be the doctor. This would surely wake me up.*****

Whatever I do, it should be important. Significant. Real. Struggle.

It's crazy how quickly my wants change. At one point, I want to make a game. At another, I want to make a film. And now, I want to join a NGO. Will I ever stick to one thing? Or will I be a polyglot, like Dr. Bennett Foddy?

Whatever I do, it must be done in a DIY fashion.


12/19
Need to read some articles on creativity, motivation, product development cycle.

Still deep in thought. Or, just in routine, except without forced or personally chosen work. A short vacation? I think I just need to wake up and go to a library as soon as possible. In the past, I'd have work to do, so I'd put on headphones and just do it.

AVOID CAFFIENE AND WORK OUT AND EAT PROTIEN!

How does one stay in direction, using a laptop, in a busy world?

I think I just have to stay put in one place (preferrably a place I've already visited), so that I focus on work. This will likely be India, New York, or San Francisco.

Looking back, the only times I was extremely happy is when I'm sharing a passion with friends, which has always been games. Jacob, ODU friends, Babycastles, Jon. It's all games. It's what brought us together. It's what we can passionately talk about.

Perhaps, the problem with traveling is simply not having a place to use the computer with wi-fi in multiple positions comfortably?

I feel like people in cities are closer to figuring out how to apply their personality to work.

Is there a point in recording thoughts? Experiences? I never look back, so why do it? Just move on.

Large projects vs small:

Large:
pros:
greater in scope
the product stands time
explores more possibilities of the ideas
requires more time to design and think about before implementing

cons:
requires lots of work. Routine work. Takes time. Requires patience.

Small:
pros:
less time to create
feel good nearly throughout the entire project
can transform into a large project

cons:
does not make a significant impact in art? Or even affect on the audience? It's feels more like a prototype than a real product.


An old thought I found:
"Some people just give up. Having no interest in life, just living." Or perhaps, my view is wrong. They don't see themselves as have given up. They are living.



Maybe I should work. Still project-based, but it's work. This way, I maintain a stable life, but do personal work too.

12/21
http://speckyboy.com/2012/09/03/mental-preparation-what-to-do-when-you-lose-motivation/
"If you’re too focused on your goal, you won’t even notice when your enthusiasm runs out and you’re no longer able to rely on it for motivation."

I think I need a break.

Go out on Saturday and Sunday. Push yourself to enjoy yourself for a few hours. Relax. then you will become motivated.

http://www.lifehack.org/articles/lifestyle/how-to-feel-inspired-when-youve-lost-motivation.html

Don't force yourself to work. Think. Then do it.

Also, go out as soon as possible. The sun and people make you happy!


I don't regret my travels. Although I overconsumed, I found direction each time and did what I wanted. I socially interacted with the people at JV's Hostel. I worked with the amazing Jon and Ching at Dada school. I backpacked around Taiwan within two weeks, couchsurfing twice, taking time to talk to hostel owners. I made friends in Kuala Lumpur and a video. I made a video in Penang, although I was sick. And now I'm just taking it all in, relaxing, embracing myself for another journey.

Today is a good day. =)

The lack of a current project or direction is killing me.

Although I don't like travelers / backpackers, they are almost needed when travelling alone.

Perhaps the only time I was motivated to travel was with people. Or to meet people. Or for work.*****

WAKE THE FUCK UP. DON'T TRAP SELF IN ROOM. GO OUT. FIX DSPD.


12/22
Chatuchaak Market and Evita's Massage with Nok

The market was just more consumerism. I forgot markets like that existed in all of Asia. I haven't seen one for while. I caved in and bought some food and clothes. No reason to go except to see the youth consume.

The massage was an interesting experience. It confirms my schizoid personality. My lack of the sense touch. My lack of social skills. My lack of feeling.

Film idea: Be a part of someone's life. Affect their life significantly. Film what happens. Examples: buy off a prostitute, help a bum, help people.

Learn to help and think about others. Be selfless.

12/23

Problems today:
I over-travelled / over-consumed / wandered again. It started out perfect with a Khlong ride, then to a random neighborhood in the suburbs. Then on the way back, I saw a massive night market near a school and stopped by. Bad idea. It felt like the same over consumption in Taiwan night markets. Like a fly to shitty malls. I need to learn when to stop. This isn't a problem when I am motivated to work. Finding work should be the number one priority. Normally, I only over-consume perhaps once every two months. It's how I "relax".

Current problems:
Indecision. Choose a project. Do it. Go to next project. Don't do nothing. Yet, don't waste time on doing something stupid.
DSPD. Force self to wake up early everyday and try to regulate it with melatonin. If not try other methods.


The ideal day should be the same as I've stated before: Work or help 90% of the time.


create pubic arcades / exhibitions around the world:
  - imagine having an arcade cabinet in a middle class neighborhood, like the one I saw in Bangkok
  - Babycastles India
  - inspire others
  - create a community
  
observations / thoughts while travelling:
- The best part of travelling is the transportation.
- Exploring the closest unexplored area is satisfying enough. A random street in the city.
- The best way to travel is to take the slowest mode of transportation in a direction you haven't been.
- OMG. Neighborhood are sooooo goood. Families are amazing. Playing badminton with the family. Picturesque houses. People are happy. No struggle here. I should have lived in a neighborhood in Bangkok.
- Films that take place in natural settings are far more interesting.
- When I lived at home, I had no reason to buy from a local or convenient shop. I either bought from Wal-mart or online. Both are more convenient, cheaper, and offer a better selection. The local shops found in cities and smaller towns create a better, more social experience, especially since the merchant often actually care about their job. Whereas, in large company Western stores, the employees are barely trained and do not care for the shop. They don't care because it's a company, not their own shop. Like a cafe or hostel, it's the experience that counts.
  
"When you're feeling sad, make art!"
  
You have to outlet your work and thoughts through whatver medium you have available. Make stuff all of the time. Writing is the handiest. Experiences inspire art. This is likely why you feel so shitty. You're feel unable to create something, yet you can.********

I have a suitable hard-working intelligent, well-judged personality, yet I yearn to make somehting great. Still, I am aware that I am no better than anyone else.

START MAKING STUFF AGAIN. NO MATTER WHAT MEDIUM.

I can't wait to settle and work again. Whether it's India or New York. Just being able to work on the things I love is a fantastic feeling.

I think my environment affects me a lot. When I'm at a night market, it makes me think of buying stuff. When I'm in a social environment, I talk. When I'm at work or a library, I get work done. When I'm in the city, I work like a madman. When I'm at home, I go into childhood mode. When I'm in a small town, I think like a small town person. Unless I'm just motivated, then I don't think about anything else.


Perhaps I wasn't feeling so well during the work exchange in Taiwan because of DSPD. Well, in addition to the lack of air conditioner and normal diet and excercise.

12/27
I've turned into my directioned self. Grand ideas of film and game, no less. Not even an NGO or help exchange.

to next move:
Although living in Hong Kong would be cool and possible, learning a new language, taking in a new culture, living with Asians, it would otherwise the same as living in New York or San Francisco. The benefit of New York is that I know what exists in New York. I know the art organizations and school, and I know some people. I can jump into some great art projects. I can futher build relationships. The city is diverse, so I can live in a chinatown if I wanted to learn a new language. That would be satisfying enough.

problems with working and traveling:
Each time you move, you have to find routine again: find a good hostel, stable and fast wi-fi, breakfast, lunch, and dinner spots. Explore around a little. Sometimes, it may be difficult to find these things, and you have to wander around quite a while to find what you want. There aren't any good electronic stores. Salads are rare. More time is wasted.

The inability to communicate well enough can block things you want to do with people.

If you move to a different country, then it's impossible to learn the language. Then it becomes consumerism. Experiences. Writing down what you experienced.

problems with being an independent artist:
The good thing about being an independent artist is that you have complete control of the product. The bad thing is that the work depends on your life. You may become unmotivated after working on the project for some time. To avoid this, you need to add responsibility. Perhaps you have a family you need to make money for in order to survive. Or perhaps you work with a group of people, and everyone is motivated about the project, so the project lives on. To get by this feeling alone requires some downtime. Begin a smaller project to satisfy the craving of completing something. Break the main project down to sizable pieces to see progress.

e-mail to Jon:
So I've kinda given up on my initial plan: working abroad. I thought since I was doing my own thing in New York and San Francisco, why not do it anywhere in the world? It may even cost less. But it's just been a constant struggle, unfulfilling in either way. Perhaps my desire to travel has overcome work, but to me work and travel seem to be the opposite. Work requires routine, a work place with stable and fast wifi, grocery, online stores, Wal-mart, to maximize production time. Travel means to move, absorbing culture. Moving means to find routine again.

I lost my motivation for game development and instead resorted to doing whatever I felt in the allotted time and place: teach kids, make a film.

I think the ideal way to travel is to buy a used scooter in a country that speaks a single language. Unless I find some fulfilling work that involves travel, I think it's best to either be in New York for work, in one place long-term for independent work, or anywhere else for travel.

I'm likely going to either do some work exchange or some REAL travel (not thinking about practical work) through Thailand, Laos, and Combodia.

As long as I'm in Thailand, I have 3g personal hotspot on my phone. It was only $20 a month, pre-paid! Things may be different once I enter Laos and Cambodia...
--

I have failed in so many ways during this trip, in regards of both work and personal coming-of-age. I think the only thing to do is to travel via motorcycle across a country. Write my thoughts. See where it goes. Passing through developed and undeveloped portions of the world. Helping people along the way. Experiencing human struggle myself.

Human struggle is what keeps me alive. In college, my favorite films trended toward human struggle. It's what reminded me of my fortunes. Then I moved to a city and witnessed all classes of society living; bums, lower class Chinese immigrants, upper class college students and young professionals. I wanted to film bums. Get to know who they are. Then I moved to New York, to work on personal art. Then I began to work abroad. I taught kids, unfullfilled. I made a shitty film about a roti delivery guy. Now I want to travel across a country.

I've lost my interest in work exchange because I feel it is not enough. One can do more. It has to be done on a higher level. Leave the lower level things to caring personalities. I should be creating organizations not adobe houses.

Should I be creating media about human struggle [to remind the upper classes of their fortunes] or actually help people?

Maybe I should work a professional job and use the money saved to help people first hand.

What grand films exist of human struggle? The individual or the world? People can relate more to an individual, so in film, this matter. In real life, helping the world is greater than an individual.

While reading the wiki article on Che Guevara:
Is a new government the way to fix inequality? What makes a person think about lower classes of society? Media? Witnessing people in struggle? What make a large population think about lower classes of society? A significant event. One which includes violence.

Maybe I should document people in need? What help is that. People will watch the film, perhaps think a little, then live on. The only objective thing to do is actually talk to organizations and incite action.

Or I could help people who are in need the most. People who are diseased and need treatment, or need fresh water supply, basic needs to live a normal life.

I could do medicine. It's rational, objective, as opposed to teaching.

Medicine should be my main focus. Art should be secondary. Medicine in places of need. Not some general physician crap.

Work in New York as an Art Director or programmer for money. School in the fastest program for Medicine that focuses on minimal needs (vaccinations).


Further on what went wrong:
While over-consuming, I chose to do things because I felt that doing nothing was wrong, when in fact, doing nothing, planning, designing, is right. I'm always "working" on something. Form tedious to somewhat creative, it's work. I need to learn to stop working, step back, and think, as I do after movies. Take an hour to just think [add this to daily manifesto!], freely. Not towards anything in particular. Thinking and writing.

Media is used to help people get by their day. Isn't this a good enough reason to watch a simple movie? But why must it have high production costs? Consumerism? Aren't simple Disney family movies enough?


If I really need money I should avoid creating media for profit and just do the grunt work -- programming, editing. Specialized work.


I wonder what would happen if I chose to live with the poor in New York. Would I be of help? Will surrounding myself with poor people make me more selfless? Would my relations with people in the poor neighborhood be deeper? Will this help me avoid over-consumption? I would at least putting money into the poor.

to daily manifesto:
I should more self-aware of my psychology and money.

Money: don't spend money on private property (exceptions: intentions are good, product is superior). Live simply. Spend locally.


Starving is better than over-eating.


"Man truly achieves his full human condition when he produces without being compelled by the physical necessity of selling himself as a commodity."
ó Che Guevara, Man and Socialism in Cub

In his view, Cuba's "new man" would be able to overcome the "egotism" and "selfishness" that he loathed and discerned was uniquely characteristic of individuals in capitalist societies
 
 
 I have sinned so much of consumption. I'm fucking retarded. The influence of nearby people, and the environment. The feeling not working or traveling, pushed me to do so.
 
 
 12/29
What causes me to excessively consume when I first enter a new city? Like a Facebook addict, I go crazy, wandering everywhere. To travel this way is to consume. The way to travel creatively is to move slowly over rural areas in a relaxed manner, writing, drawing, creating. No time limit, just make stuff. No things to do. That's they key. I shouldn't be planning to do anything. No todo lists. No places to go. Just sit, create, and only go out for food or during breaks.

thoughts on Bangkok:
Bangkok is quite interesting. When I started exploring, I wandered around the nearby Chinatown. It's enormous. Every other Chinatown (New York (except Flushing), San Francisco, Kuala Lumpur) pales in comparison. Lower class Chinese workers pushing wheelbarrows or stalls adjacent to a giant street full of traffic: taxis, tuk-tuks, cars, trucks. The buildings are large, with shops on the ground floor. A billion hawker stalls. 

Most hawker stalls sell the same kinds of local food. How does this work? Do these individual hawkers make enough money to survive? Is this what they want to do with their lives? This is quite tough to do in Western cities. At least in Western cities, the stall is often unique, like a local restaurant. Hawker stalls also exist all over Malaysia, also selling the same local food. Are they not competitive? Just want to make a decent living? What makes a person merely live? Are people satisfied with a basic job for life? Is there a wall they reach in intelligence? I understand people who have responsibilities: family, a kid, debt, but what about those that don't? I think people are satisfied with their lives. They have a family, friends nearby. What more could they want? Perhaps it's my lack of social interest that keeps pushing me forward, not stuck to one place. Perhaps this is my problem too.

Perrhaps hawker stalls are the Western world's equivalent of fast food. It doesn't require much intelligence to work. Everyone eats there. It's convenient, and necessary: people have to eat. [There should be portable sleeper capsules, which serve the same purpose as fast food, it's convenient].

Back to Bangkok. Once you live in it for a while, it feels like any other city: New York, Taipei, Kuala Lumpur. There's areas for different classes of society. All classes co-exist. I wonder how the elder generations feel about middle to upper class kids dressed in expensive designer clothing, while they cook in their hawker stalls, or own convenience stores. They will become young professionals. Some even artists. They're intelligent. But very few avoid consumerism.

It's true, there's always traffic. Buses can an hour to go a few stops. Only old people take the bus at these times. They have the time. I had the time. Everyone else takes taxis, or the MRT.

The kids at the university cafes have money. They can afford to stay up late. They consume. They procrastinate their school work, cramming in as much as they can at the last minute. Are they learning anything? They'll likely forget about all of it soon. Learning should be done slowly, quietly, in a park, alone in the library. Thinking, writing, designing.

The tourist things are conveniently located in one area. The locals avoid it. There's not much reason to go to Siam Square, as any other Downtown area. Although it is more interesting than SF and New York.

The residential areas are suburbs. The neighborhoods are achingly pretty, with families playing badminton, colorful houses decorated, people outside cooking, walking to their suburb's supermarket. The easy-going life. Quite a contrast.

After only a few weeks, most of the cities, New York, Taipei, Bangkok, becomes old. To see the pretty side, you have to go to events, see the artists, communicate, collaborate. Only San Francisco remains pretty.

The food fits my taste. Fresh vegetables, fruit, and lots of meat. I love it. There's even hot soups at night hawker stalls. And the mid-range restaurants have incalculable varieties of food: foreign, yogurt, smoothie, tea.

The city still suffers from the inconvenience of local stores. 7/11, traiditonal convenience stores, electronic stores, boutiques at malls, none can compare to online stores or wholesale retailers in price and convenience. Are large wholesale stores a bad thing? The people who run independent convenience stores in cities are likely the same pople who work at wholesale retailers in suburbs. Either way, they survive. This sounds like a critical difference between cities and suburbs. I'm unsure which one I like better, as when I'm in routine mode, I often buy groceries from a giant wholesale retailer such as Wal-Mart or Trader Joe's, exceptions include farmer's markets and amazing independent grocery stores. This is where I feel San Francisco succeeds. Independently run markets that can compete with the giants in variety, quality, and price.

Cities are able to sustain these smaller independent stores (including hawkers) because of it's density.

--

an email to Jon:
So I've kinda given up on my initial plan: working abroad. I thought since I was doing my own thing in New York and San Francisco, why not do it anywhere in the world? It may even cost less. But it's just been a constant struggle, unfulfilling in either way. Perhaps my desire to travel has overcome work, but to me work and travel seem to be the opposite. Work requires routine, a work place with stable and fast wifi, grocery, online stores, Wal-mart, to maximize production time. Travel means to move, absorbing culture. Moving means to find routine again.

I lost my motivation for game development and instead resorted to doing whatever I felt in the allotted time and place: teach kids, make a film.

I think the ideal way to travel is to buy a used scooter in a country that speaks a single language. Unless I find some fulfilling work that involves travel, I think it's best to either be in New York for work, in one place long-term for independent work, or anywhere else for travel.


--

What a fucking waste of time wandering around San Francisco, New York, Taipei, Kuala Lumpur, and Bangkok has been. It's sheer consumerism. Or is this my way of local travel? Seeing neighborhoods, downtown, all classes of society.

--

I don't care for my co-workers at Perfect World Ent. I only care about my friends. ODU friends, Babycastles, childhood friends, family. My co-workers are just that, I never further developed a relationship because we are quite different. So, I think working at another company like that wouldn't be helpful socially. I would have to join others in the SF game or film scene that I admire.

--

Finally, after moving into the guesthouse in Mae Sot, I've found peace, isolation. A nice room with a fridge, bathroom en suite, and desk. A wholesale retailer nearby. A scooter to get around. This is what I should have done: stay in guesthouses in other countries. That's how I should have worked abroad.

an e-mail to Jon:
I just moved to a guesthouse in a small town near the Myanmar border, and I think I've finally concluded why my past work / travel did not feel right. It was the environment, and my lack of discipline. Hostels are no place to get work done. It's difficult to create routine as it lacks personal space, a fridge, desk, stable/fast wifi. Asian cities don't have much cafe culture either. Hostels also contains people who are there to travel, who become bad influences to someone who wants to work. I gave in to peer pressure. Cities are also a bad influence. The only reason to to live in a city is for a professional job, contemporary art, and higher education. The ideal way to work abroad is to just live and work in a guest house in a small town, learn the language, chat to locals when you need to eat or take a break. Kinda isolated, but really conducive to learning and working. Or maybe I'm just introverted, and haven't figured out how to maintain intelligence via external sources. I look forward to living in near isolation again in India.


I confused being social as a good thing. Being social with the wrong people is bad, unless I am in control of it: the time and conversation. Avoid spending time with the wrong people, unless there is a reason.

I haven't figured out how to learn from external resources via social interaction. Only observation.


I will go back to New York because I have a group of peers that are more intelligent than I am. People I admire. The rest of my social time should go to my family and friends. No shallow social relationships. Stay close to higher institutions.

from the inroversion wikipedia article:

Introversion:
Introversion is "the state of or tendency toward being wholly or predominantly concerned with and interested in one's own mental life".[4] Some popular writers have characterized introverts as people whose energy tends to expand through reflection and dwindle during interaction.[5] This is similar to Jung's view, although he focused on psychic energy rather than physical energy. Few modern conceptions make this distinction.
The common modern perception is that introverts tend to be more reserved and less outspoken in groups. They often take pleasure in solitary activities such as reading, writing, using computers, hiking and fishing. The archetypal artist, writer, sculptor, engineer, composer and inventor are all highly introverted. An introvert is likely to enjoy time spent alone and find less reward in time spent with large groups of people, though he or she may enjoy interactions with close friends. Trust is usually an issue of significance: a virtue of utmost importance to an introvert is choosing a worthy companion. They prefer to concentrate on a single activity at a time and like to observe situations before they participate, especially observed in developing children and adolescents.[6] They are more analytical before speaking.[7] Introverts are easily overwhelmed by too much stimulation from social gatherings and engagement, introversion having even been defined by some in terms of a preference for a quiet, more minimally stimulating environment.[8]
Introversion is not seen as being identical to shy or to being a social outcast. Introverts prefer solitary activities over social ones, whereas shy people (who may be extroverts at heart) avoid social encounters out of fear,[9] and the social outcast has little choice in the matter of his or her solitude.
...
"Teachers can also consider temperament when dealing with their pupils, for example acknowledging that introverted children need more encouragement to speak in class while extroverted children may grow restless during long periods of quiet study."


Perhaps I was seeking solitude this entire time, but going about it the wrong way. Staying at hostels, living in cities. Searching for libraries and sitting on public transportation.

A huge missed opportunity in my work is the lack of worldly benefit. Research for new scientific methods of medicine. Create games that involves teaching, helping.

1/1
It's unreal how much my confidence changes. One moment, I'm able to contact popular musicians, the next, I'm unable to get out of bed. I think the problem is the quick changed in direction. It's too fast. In the past I would change once every six months. Now, it's every few days. Having is single direction, a single destination is best. Everything that leads up to it does not have to be planned.

I hope my perspective on life does not diminish. In the past, I watched films to keep me normal. I'm hoping going through some rural areas will fortify it for a longer-term. Never over-consume. Never over-work (unless you love it). Be self-aware at all times. Perhaps I've been searching for human struggle my entire life. Real people suffering daily. Somehow, this is what keeps me going. Perhaps because I never suffered.

Melancholia:
An amazing film that displays humanity on the level of Tree of Life. Depression. Real family problems. And somehow sci-fi with classical music, making it feel grand, without the cheesy sci-fi effects. This is how I wished sci-fi were. Sci-fi with realism. The camera is shot handheld, making it thrilling throughout, sometimes too close, like A Separation. Lots of zooms. Still, it never feels low-quality. The acting, images, and story are of high quality. That is all that matters.

Traveling is nice, but unecessary. As I've now been in Mae Sot for 2 days, I feel like I need to do something. It's been too long. I don't know how to vacation. Vacation should be doing another project. A project that befits my personality.

Low level jobs such as teaching English and volunteering belong to other personalities. Not mine. I should be doing the highest level work my intelligence can do. Then try to point it toward a more selfless direction. These things are waste of time for me.

Perhaps the problem was that when my peers are less intelligent than I am, I lower my intelligence to theirs because I do not take lead. I need to extract whatever information I want, do objective work, then move on. Don't waste time by waiting, get out immediately!

http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/54716-intjs-volunteering.html
  - this explains why the INTJ personality do not volunteer.
  - "Most people I know who are XNTJ have had the same experiences in volunteer stuff. You will be surrounded by idiots - well meaning, nice people - but idiots."
  
http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?t=42503
  - "Obviously, as a proper INTJ, if I wasn't satisfied with the situation, I'd change it."
  
https://www.personalitymax.com/personality-types/intj-strategist
  - "Since INTJs enjoy deep conversations, more shallow forms of social interaction are often seen as a waste of time."
  - "INTJ Strategists are gifted theorists. They thrive on understanding and formulating complex systems. Of all the personality types, INTJs are the most penetrating in thought and insight.Their greatest contribution is their desire to produce mastery and achievement that reflects their brilliance." 
  
http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?t=42008
  - i grew up in utter poverty.
  - intj's often rise from very meager beginnings to do well for themselves in adulthood.
  - So I strongly believe that some form of identity crisis/personal mission/struggle can really develop an INTJ- which I'd imagine is highly likely to happen to those in lower class family children who'll want to rise to the top.
  
http://intj.tribe.net/thread/17665b13-446b-4ec9-b5ef-f317ac2be0cc
  - ...but I also realised that I actually get more happiness, security and fulfillment out of being organised, efficient, effective, independent in all things and having a sense of progress (which has been sorely lacking). 
  
http://intj.tribe.net/thread/17665b13-446b-4ec9-b5ef-f317ac2be0cc
  - I got dumped by my INTJ girlfriend not to long ago...her situation mirrored yours in a lot of ways but she was still living with her family. She was trapped there...she probably would have felt trapped with me as well. Keep looking for opporuntities, even unconventional ones. Goal: live, not some arbitrary thing made up by society or the glowing box!
  
http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?t=68592&page=2
  - Ego death can happen in a lot of ways. If you truly are aware of the universe, you can get it just by looking at a night's sky. You can get it by getting your ass kicked by someone at something you think you're the best at. INTJs are great at setting up barriers between themselves and the rest of the world. An ego death dissolves these barriers and it informs you as to where your place is in the universe is. Unfortunately it does not necessarily give you any sense of purpose.
  
http://personalitycafe.com/intj-articles/76896-recognizing-inferior-function-intj.html
  - Overdoing gratification of the senses is a commonly mentioned behavior for INTJs and INFJs in the grip of their inferior function.They may overeat or binge.They see themselves as obsessively doing harm to their bodies. A typical ìtacticî is to overindulge compulsively and immediately thereafteróif not during the episodeóberate themselves for their uncontrolled, shallow, destructive behavior.
  
http://personalitycafe.com/intj-articles/76896-recognizing-inferior-function-intj.html
  - this article contains many traps of the INTJ
    - An INTJ said she obsessively looks for the ìrightî factual piece of information that will solve the problem.
  - Overdoing gratification of the senses is a commonly mentioned behavior for INTJs and INFJs in the grip of their inferior function.They may overeat or binge.They see themselves as obsessively doing harm to their bodies. A typical ìtacticî is to overindulge compulsively and immediately thereafteróif not during the episodeóberate themselves for their uncontrolled, shallow, destructive behavior.


This entire trip has pushed my personality in the wrong direction, causing me to feel anxious, uncomfortable. Is it bad to want to go back to the hermit programmer I once was? The hermit game designer? I've found a way to create films within my personality's bounds: documentaries, Vincent Moon. I can inspire people by creating social events like Babycastles. But some things are not meant to be. I was going in the right direction before. This is not it.

an e-mail to Burma Volunteer Program:
If it is somehow possible to volunteer, I hope you can place me in a position that befits my personality. In the past I've done computer programming, game design, film-making, and other things that mix technology and art. I've recently volunteered at an English school as a teacher / sitter / cook, but I've found the relaxed nature of the school unfulfilling. I enjoy objective, rational work. The more work the better! If not, I'll find ways to create work for myself.


So, I just went at trying different things the wrong way. I should have done something befits my personality. If I wanted to be selfless, I should have become a doctor, create or manage a NGO, create a documentary.

No. I should have been able to be myself. Be creative. Do what I wanted to in any environment. The fault is mine. I should have created engineering projects. Refurnish the school. Build stuff. I should have been able to create my own work and take action. Not wait until someone else told me what to do. I thought the kids needed time to play, as it was their time off, but play can be modified to project onto a created path. I could have have allowed the to play with game design or filmmaking. Play with engineering projects. Take learning seriously.

Perhaps my failure as a teacher made me feel like I was not making progress, therefore making me feel bad. That or because there just wasn't enough work.

The help exchange websites are often hosted by a certain personality, one that is trying to achieve self-sustainability. I can be self-sustainable, but that's not my purpose in life. To me, that's easy to do, auxilliary. Living is easy. I'd rather solve larger problems.

1/2
Now that I've been alone for a few days, everything has become clear. The trip felt wrong because everthing I was doing was against my personality -- babysitting / teaching, being around less intelligent people, tourism. I normally avoid these situations, but I pushed on.

I'm unsure why I put myself in a position that doesn't befit me. I thought my professional jobs lacked value, so I wanted to try something a bit closer to humans: teaching, volunteering, but it seems that I don't enjoy it. It is not intellectually stimulating. Or at least I failed to make it so.

I fell into many of life's traps. Like the distraction of Facebook, except in real life: valueless social activites, tourism.

Exploration can be good, but it shouldn't be consumed in tourism fashion, it should take time to think about, create personal philosophies.

I chose my friends based on intelligence. While travelling, I talked to whoever was around, perhaps because I had time.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Physiognomy
  - "if one classifies a person as untrustworthy due to their face, and treats them as such, that person will eventually behave in an untrustworthy way"

Perhaps another problem with my travel is the lack of feeling I need to make money. My confidence of obtaining a professional job later has overriden this fear. But I think struggle is good for my personality, pushing me to work harder.

The first time post college, I've place myself in the wrong positions.

*****I have to use my current skills to do selfless things. If I'm programming, then perhaps I can create a website and marketing stuff for them. Is there a way to create a game that helps people in lower living conditions? I think analog games are enough. It would have to teach. Create a new analog game that teaches many things?

I should have chosen a highly-skilled temporary position at a NGO. Something with a lot of responsiblity. Like marketing director, manager, etc. Instead, I moved in and chose projects hastily, trying to do something practical within a small time frame.

I could start by volunteering to create digital content from India. Like help create a website for a NGO. Or local people too. Create a website for a local restaurant. Eh, well that may be too far from helping. That's business, marketing.

So many things I can do, but I can only focus on one at a time.

1/3

It's amazing how perfect Studio Ghibli's films blend human qualities -- interaction, exploration, emotions; nature; fantasy.

If one wants to create a universal film, one shouldn't have to sacrifice innovation. Do both. Like modern Pixar films.

I've consumed enough in this world. It's time to make stuff. Do stuff. I know everything already.

More reasons why I failed during this trip:
I constantly struggled to put myself in a position which required intelligence, and benefited myself. Teaching, filming people, filming contemporary musicians. I tried to do something. In a world full of people less intelligent than I am, I alone have to stand up and lead people to do tihngs. I need to be the activist. I need to learn to lead. I'm still failing to socially interact, especially with people of lower intelligence.

I over-consumed food and sights. I went on impulse as opposed to my more calculated self.

Although, I don't think impulse is bad. Thinking about things and doing nothing is a failure. Impulse is taking action. I just need to learn when to use it, and balance the two. Thinking and doing.

The world is full of distraction. There's an infinite amount of media. The only media that matters are great ones. There's no reason to do the same thing again. Do something innovative with quality.

Should always be surrounded by smart people. Peer groups affect intelligence.

social psychology wiki

DO MORE PLAN LESS.

If I do make art, it should push the medium, to further human progress. No less.

What you spend time on is what defines your life. Family, art, or helping poor? Don't try to do them all half-assedly. If you do art, make fine art. If you want to help others, manage engineering projects in rural areas. If you want to help family, make serious efforts -- create a plan to help mom, help Sweta find a job, help Dad with whatever he needs, ask Samip if he needs help, find Shila a job, help friends achieve success.

2/7
old thoughts from agenda and sticky notes during travel:
Extract whatever information I can and move on. Take photos of places and people. Write thoughts. Small towns. Scooter trips.
sitting = learning

after a talk with Jon:
constantly do something valuable in time
building community to inspire others
  - your enthusiasm inspires others
  - you don't need to be surrounded by artists
  - consuming media does not affect creativity
  - creativity comes from within

todo / goals in Laos:
  - somehow socially interact with Laos people (not including business needs such as food)
  - film something. Experimental. Political.
  - talk to government officials about the nation's status. Talk to people at universities about the nation's status and art.
  - need to do something very specific, a purpose

  - contact government, organizations, NGOs for information of the area
  - avoid tourism
--

Feeling comfortable, away from life, away from people struggling, makes me feel lazy.

I find it difficult to get excited about game development alone. Without sharing my excitement, the feeling wanes. I need to learn to excite others of my work. Or, join a community that would enjoy my work, my thoughts, conversation.

2/8
I have the ability to generate innovative ideas, the ability to implement them, I just need to maintain motivation. I need people. People who care about the things I care about.

I see very little overlap in private sector work and education. Games for a change does not work. Hiring a teacher and placing them in the right place is infinitely better. Children need teachers, and civil engineers, not shallow projects.

No person I've met in India thus far are the kind you would find in a Western city. They favor time spent with family. They have no creativity. No ambition. Nothing to look forwards to.

I've lost of motivation. Hopefully I can get it back. When Jon comes. Before Jon comes! THIS SHOULD BE EXCITING! MAKE STUFF! IN INDIA!

2/10
In the company of those with different interests, I lose excitement. I'm not myself around them. I need to fix this. Be excited about every moment in time. Don't be so directional.

2/11
Like Shila, I dislike it when people worry about me, then blame me for the way I live. Indian people have a perspective that I am unhealthy because my diet and sleeping schedule differs, yet they are obese. I have to learn to live my own way with these kinds of people.

Browsing the internet with a slow internet connection is painful. The time between pages is too short to make use of. The seconds add up to waste.

I'm the calmest I've ever been. Is this lack of motivation? A direct result of travelling too much? At least I'm not suffering the blocked direction problem anymore. I overcome everything, thoughtfully, slowly. Unexcitedly.

Staying in one place versus moving around the world:
One could explore the internet forever, having access to infinite information. Or one could move around the world, with similar access. The internet is more direct. The information can be filtered to specific wants. In real life, time is used inefficiently. Time to wait for transportation, local businesses -- service and sales. Everything relies on people. People are human.

Therefore most efficient work is done on computers in offices.

Online stores are more efficient than real stores. Wholesale stores are more convenient than local stores.

Stored food is more convenient and often cheaper than eating out in a Western country.

Where is the world going?

People play games with limited input: keyboards, mice, gamepads.

Everyone in the world is merely living. Do people lack personal ambition? Something they want to do? Excluding consumption. Is daily life exciting enough for them? Gossip of mundane.
--

Jon has really really good values. How is he so balanced? My life thus far has been more like Kunal than Syed.

2/12
When one wants to work, one wants to allocate time to work. When one wants to travel, one allocates time to travel, which includes having lax conversation with people.

Still, I should be more like Shila. Keep my fast pace, yet be able to talk to all classes of society.

Now that I am getting into work mode, my body matters. Comfort. Good food. Good malaria medicine. To increase work output.

The internet is the most efficient way to get information. Faster than asking any person. Holding more information. One just needs to specify what is needed. Countries without internet rely on people for knowledge. Also, some personalities rely on people rather than theirselves to do the research. Both are able to get by with insufficient knowledge, but often waste time (and money) due to lack of knowledge. This harks back service versus self-sufficiency.

The difference the way people live and interact between a developed country and undeveloped country is astounding. When someone wants to cry out a personal thought in a developed country, they say it on Facebook. How do people undeveloped countries share their inner thoughts? Family? Friends? Is everything shared, nothing personal?

There is no time allocated to the individual in India. Or, no one has enough direction to do something theirself.

2/13
Is the stereotyped Indian personality too family oriented, too non-technical to be an artist or scientist? I see no one who lives to further human development or fine art. Or am I just expecting something in the wrong place. Surrounded by businessmen and unintelligent families.

Life passes by quickly. I'm getting nothing done. Need to deny everyone and focus. How do people balance work and life? Must be excited for both.

2/14
Time flies faster. Indecision on choosing a game engine. Getting nothing done.

Wasting time. Wondering around the web checking out code and tutorials instead of doing the work. A problem with game development. Need to maintain focus.

Parth, a 9th grader, says he doesn't play games, just likes to watch movies. He doesn't enjoy games because he has to do some work. Or it makes him think. Instead he would rather just watch something new. When he played my iPad games he couldn't get past the barrier of entry for any game. He didn't try. At all. Not even for the infinite avoider game where you merely have to tilt the iPad left and right. If the game doesn't have poppy graphics, he skips it immediately. Once he learns one mechanic, he thinks the game is over. This is how I imagine most unintelligent (or impatient, short attention span) people think. His dad also has short attention span. Today was a holiday and he didn't have to go to school, when asked, what he did, he replies, "time pass". India: time pass. Nothing to look forward to? Doesn't want to run out and play cricket with friends? When asked what he does at home, he replies, "play cricket, watch TV, sleep".

2/15
I feel like a pro. Unexcited. Able to see outocomes and think things through. Is this stopping me from making games? Not motivated as I used to be? Getting old?

While testing game frameworks: I feel like I'm getting too far from reality. I could be volunteering. Travelling. Meeting people. Doing things together. Instead, I am alone. Not even making anything currently, just preparing.

Create and consume. It is all I do.

2/16
Getting too far from design. Wasting time programming without design. I wonder much time I've wasted doing this in the past.

STOP BEING LAZY ABOUT PROGRAMMING AND DO IT. CHOOSE ONE GAME AND MAKE IT.

FINISH MIME IN MONOGAME TODAY.

TRY UNITY TOMORROW.

2/18
Still falling into the old traps. Not motivated? What happened? I do want to make these games, then why I am not doing it? Indecision on game engines? Feeling no progress?

2/19
I need space from people, especially people who follow societal norms and expect the norms in everyone else. The Asian mentality is family-oriented as opposed to individualistic. Aunts feel one isn't healthy if one isn't eating rice, when objectively, everyone is obese and likely have other health problems due to poor diet and excercise.

2/20
To entertain or influence or to create a meaningful experience for an intelligent person often contains intelligent content. The things that exist in cities: fine art events, museums, Brooklyn DIY events, game jams, film jams, all target target an intelligent audience. But, intellegient content is not necessary. One should be able to extract meaningful experiences from any situation. Furthermore, the experience should not be influened by money.

I should strive to allocate as much time possible being outside, outside any container (a car, a room, a middle class house, an upper class neighborhood). Work outside. Public places. Parks, libraries, streets.

Time flies even faster. 20 days in India. I've done nothing, and I feel it.

Thinking about how Asians, especially Indians, place value in family members higher than non-family members (friends). How networking through Indians to help place them in jobs. Non-creative jobs. It could be seen as the beginning of a monarchy.

2/21
Asians don't understand and may even frown upon people with artist personalities. Creating art is personal, requires time alone.

Perhaps I feel demotivated because nothing I am doing is new now. I've lived in San Francisco, New York, created a game, travelled, taught, made a film, talked to lower class people in several countries. I did what I wanted to do. The feeling of experiencing something new is over. Now what? Now is the time to do something great. Making grand leaps is all is left. Talk with great people. Begin grand projects. The scope increases.

Perhaps that's the problem. My games are too simple too easy. Then again, they require time to be explored, thought out. I need to allocate time into it. But I also need motivation to feel and want to do it.

2/22
A good way to allocate time: learning (anything), making art (contemporary fine art, visual art, anything), volunteering (nearby slum).

Wasted so much time looking into engines, when even I know I can make anything. I just have to begin.

2/23
I have trouble having conversation with less intelligent people because I don't enjoy gossip, or talking about things I personally am not interested in, or non-valuable conversation. It's difficult for me to extract value in these situations, so that when I do talk, it's me questioning about their life, instead of me joyously talking with them. Instead, I should be enlightening them!

2/25
Talked to a random dude in the park. Talking: something I only do when I'm not motivated. We talked about the differences of culture in India and America. He argues Americans want more freedom, which leads to divorces. It's kinda true. The parental Asian mentality value a stable, safe, familial life. Americans want their kids to be happy, doing whatever they want.

It depends on the personality of the individual. Some personalities are more independent, self-sufficient. It's up the parent to detect this and allow that person do to what they want, maximizing their potential.

2/27
DESIGN AND WORK. If I haven't decided what to work on, DESIGN. PLAN IT OUT.

The anti-malarials are wearing off. I feel much better. I can taste. I can hear. I'm getting into work mode.

3/2
I'm being lazy with work. Not doing the work, looking for a solution, when I know work has to be done. Do whatever it takes to get the work done. Prototype in any language or engine. It doesn't matter. Choose an engine after you determine the main mechanics are fun. Don't worry about this stuff.

3/3
The purpose of life to most people is to live happily. My purpose is to do something I value. It could be research for the sake of human progress or humanitarianism.

3/4
Working all day does not seem right, even at 100% efficiency. Have to balance work and life. That's my problem. I either do one or the other.

I'm living a far less active life now. Like before my first job. It's not good. I think living alone, without roommates, without co-workers, without family that needs to be taken care of, I become lazy.

3/5
I'm losing the motivation to implement my games because they are not big. They are not The Witness or Shadow of the Colossus. Then again, I don't think those games started out as big. They were just an idea that took work to become something big. I have to at least try. Prototype. Play test. Work. Think. Take a break. Repeat.

3/6
I've been thinking about my main problem some more. When I am not around my friends, intelligent people, who I can talk to about my interests and receive valuable feedback, I have trouble maintaining motivation. I need to learn to gather valuable info from all kinds of people wherever I am.

The lack of constant feedback and progess is a problem.

Walked through a nearby lower class housing. It was possibly the most interesting of all the South Asian countries I've been to. Lamb. Cows. Tiny, dirty streets, smaller than alleys. Tons of kids. Concrete cutout window convenience shops. Trash before a river. Another slum mirrored on the other side of the river. A traditional market. Travel.

I live life unbalanced. Work and Travel are separated.

I can't imagine finishing my games without having people to show it to. People who care about games. 'Who care about art.

In order for me to work in India, I need to contantly play test my game with some kid, or a group of kids.

3/8
The Asian mentality strikes again. Everything is planned. When an Asian wants to travel, they know where they want to go, following a strict schedule. Don Kaka suggested going to a travel agent. Dad did too.

These kinds of situations, relationships, emotions, are portrayed so well in films.

I need to teach Jon some more Indian words. He's interested, but I'm not providing. Dhannanjay was able to talk to him and provide some information. Perhaps Jon is like me, a consumer of a new culture. I don't know much about India myself. What can I teach him? Perhaps it is because I am currently unmotivated.

I don't want to stop exploring. I want to keep going. Consuming. Learning. Working. Doing.

Never stop. And right now, I want to work. Make games. Make art. Science. Something!

3/9
As the host of Jon, I feel like I'm not getting much experience out of it. I'm showing him things that I know. Or I'm just done traveling and want to work.

I never host friends, and I guess this is why: I like to experience something new. I bring my friends along the journey.

3/10
Perhaps when I am with others, I am not learning. My mind is in a non-learning mode. It just thinks about current things, like an Indian, instead of deep or creative thinking. That is why after a long day of being out with family or friends I still stay up to use the computer: I want to consume, learn, feel like I've done something. It seems my time with people [I've already met] has no value.

3/12
Demotivated. Depressed? So quickly? Jon has only been here for four days, yet showing him around India has been a drag. It's better than the directionless programming I was doing before, but now my mind is going extremely slow. I need to get back to work. I need work. Jon doesn't. He can maintain by consuming very little. Simply thinking. I prefer Babycastles pace - having a ton of projects one can't finish. Without work, what does one without a family have to look forward to?

Jon talks of the past. Games of his childhood. He wants to relive those moments. I want to create the future, how Braid changed the medium, how Passage created narrative through gameplay, how Journey explored the interactions with an anonymous person. We have different goals. He wants to remake social games. I want to make new games.

Too much thinking, not enough doing.

DON'T GIVE UP NOW! GET BACK IN THE HIGH ART ZONE. FORGET ABOUT PEOPLE. BABYCASTLES AND CHRISTOPHER DOYLE.

Jon is definitely not into fine arts. He is too social. Too balanced. Too normal. too normal to be into fine arts. His favorite game is Canabalt. Mine is Braid. Popular art vs fine art.

I need to be alone again. Ignore everyone. See struggle. Apply it to art. Social observations. Personal emotions. Being with people, I feel like I am doing nothing.

..

Edward Yang's films are good because they observe contemporary society. Although they have an overall plot, the pace is slow, taking time to simply show life. The viewer has to be interested to keep attention, whereas in popular films, the film is a one-way communication, asking nothing from the viewer. I enjoy thinking while watching Edward Yang's films.

Still, I need to watch films at night. To fall for it. During the day, my mind races. Better for design.

3/13
The difference in having good health and bad makes a huge difference. A day can go fast if I am simply bloated. When I am healthy, I am able to schedule things to do by the hour, learning and doing a lot.

3/14
Perhaps all that time I worked while listening to music I was not thinking, just working. No design.

I used to, and maybe still do, despise anyone who doesn't work. It doesn't feel right. People working harder than others. But now, in India, without work, with my servant family, I feel it's okay. It's okay to take time to think, design. Work without thought and design is a waste.

3/15
Life is all about the allocation of time. Time allocated to people, consumption (travel, break, entertainment), design, work (implementation of design). The allocation of time must be balanced to produce efficient results.

Work without design is a waste. Work without people can be difficult to maintain motivation. Work without consumption leads to over-working.

Consumption without people can feel valueless. Consumption without design can feel like over-consuming.

Design without people can lead to missed opportunities (fine art vs commercial). Design without consumption is actually kinda good (creativity comes from within), but one should still consume to have a broad understanding.

These are the needs in life.

3/17
Jon has a similar personality to mine. We both suffer from similar problems. Being unable be emotionally excited when in the company of others. Prefer time alone. Are more curious alone. Are more creative alone. Enjoy working. Become anxious in certain social situations. Need freedom. Need validation (he needs more). Need to get out of the house and into a work environment. Constantly finding a value in time. Unable to consume lengthy media as a result.

The reason I feel depressed at home is because my curiosity is inhibited by the company of my family.

Jon also mentioned how introverts sap energy from the area, whereas extroverts thrive. As an introvert, I consume everything around me, taking more than I am putting in.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schizoid
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emotional_detachment
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blunted_affect
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attachment_in_adults#Dismissive.E2.80.93avoidant_attachment

3/19
If life is about the allocation of time, is the best allocation spread between family, community, personal work, and the furthering of human development? Is it better to spend time on high level design than low level work? Is an innovator more valuable than a food cart vendor? Yes. It's okay to work at a higher level, just be humble about it. Things can be learned from doing low level work, but most of the time should be allocated into high level thinking. Even programming is a bore. Design. Design as much as you can. Invent. Initiate.

3/20
I need to stay as thoughtful as Jon. Do not work any more than is needed.

My personality requires others to generate excitement, and validate my work.

Thinking about what else can be done, socially. Create a Babycastles in each city I go to? Collaborate with other artists? Bring artists and projects together. Create events in small towns and cities. What can a group of people do in a small town? What can be created? What problems are there to be solved? Can it be done free? Would a company sponsor it?

This is good. A creator of projects. Bringing people together.

Dhananjay is too smart for his current position. He needs smart people to talk to. He needs a better job. He's settled. Lost amition. Now he shows kids around.

3/21
I need more excitement. More projects. More challenges. More friends.

Propose for projects in Hong Kong, Japan, and Paris.

I find it difficult to stay active away from the city.

I think the current problem is that I am not challenging myself enough. After travelling, I slowed down. Now I'm merely living, not struggling. I used to have thoughts about filming a la Vincent Moon or creating game jams in Asian cities, now it's all gone.

The reason I came to India was to make iPad games. I've found it difficult to make games alone. It's boring. I need people to work with. To excite me.

Maybe Indian culture is over-comforting because the density of people creates an excess of service jobs. Instead of going to the grocery store, filling fuel into your vehicle, making tea, cooking food, driving your car, shaving, there is someone who specially does that for a cheap price. In addition to that, if you are in the middle class, you have a servant to do simple work. This removes basic work from the higher classes, allow them to focus on their work. The problem is that I enjoy lower class work. I enjoy doing everything myself, from low to high level work. Perhaps this is why Indian society grinds against my personality.

3/22
I am reminded the affect of weather. I enjoy being outside, "out and about". Not just limited to air conditioned cafes, but in the park, on a bench, in local library, on the patio. Asia stops me from doing this. Even the summers of the east coast prevent this. San Francisco is the best city I've lived in partly because it has comfortable weather. The entire city is a workplace. The ability to work for anywhere, comfortably, with people, experiencing new things. Do not overlook weather.

After scootering with Dhananjay:
Dhannanjay and I talked while scootering around Baroda. We made observations about our own personalities and the differences between us and other. City vs suburbs. He said he enjoys riding a scooter around at night; It makes him feel fresh. We observed that Nalini aunte has the prototype suburban personality, using her as an example. I said people in the city are more likely to care for everybody, not just their family.

He responded with a story about Jigar's father-in-law was sick: The father-in-law needed a large amount of blood per day for seven days. A new person for each day was required to give the large amount of blood. The needle they use is large and the machines scared any volunteers. Dhannanjay asked some friends from the city, and they agreed to help, without knowing his father-in-law.

The moral is that his friends are good people, willing to help anyone. His father-in-law's family is not.

He also told me of the story of when he quit drinking, smoking (a pack a day), and eating meat: One day he was driving his car. He was feeling a little giddy and drove into a ditch. The doctor said he had a small stroke, and that he must slow down on his vices. The next day he stopped everything.

I asked if Nalini aunte (a middle to upper class surburbanite) suffered a large change in life, resulting in her to have little money, would she change? He said no. A person who went from poor to rich, is unable to go backwards, however if the person was never poor, the person may change.

People become too comfortable, forgetting about living, instead droning on meaningless things. City folk fight for time; Surburbanites find ways to pass it.


--

I guess Jon and I came to the realization that our personalties require other personalities to work with. That time spent on something personal is not as valuable as time spent on a multiple number of other people.

--

It's interesting to see that my first thought entry was written soon after graduating from college. Was I not thinking before then?

--

Who should I spend time on? It has to be balanced: personal, family / friends, community / public.

Where should I spend time? My family and few friends are in Virginia. My friends, people I want to get really close to, and personal motives are in New York. I feel most comfortable in San Francisco, still feeling like I can find good friends, after travelling I feel I would be more open. Moving to a new city would only benefit myself and the people I meet, new friends and community. Anywhere I go, I affect people.

Perhaps what all I need is a girlfriend. One willing to move around, enlightening the people around us.

--

A comment to Third Helix:
I've gone through this recently.

It is indeed difficult to be innovative within a medium you have so much knowledge of and am constantly surrounded by. As James said, perhaps you need to step back, do something else, then come back to it, slowly. Creativity is weird like that.

Last month my friend and I decided to create a game in a new country. We tried to innovate, use the new surroundings as inspiration, but it didn't work. It didn't excite us. We slowly fell back to games we loved. Nostalgia ensued. A little excitement emerged. Perhaps we want to recreate those amazing moments.

I think you are right with your conclusion: If the idea of making a game similar to the games you love makes you feel giddy, it has the highest chance of success.

As for us, we took the time to further think what was wrong. We came to the conclusion that making something alone (even with two people) is not valuable of our time. Now we're set for a workshop and game jam.

Life is weird like that.


3/23, bus to Jaipur
India has the culture of comfort. When you arrive at somebody's house, you are greeted warmly, brought water without asking, asked if you have eaten multiple times, what you ate, what time you ate, who you ate with, and why you ate.

They plan everything. Where they will go today, what they will do, what they will eat. Not only is their life planned, but they plan their family's lives too. What their family will eat today, where they willl go, what they will do.

If they somehow missed out on the planning, they will want to know and ask the current status, at every moment. What did he do. What is he doing? What is he going to do.

Perhaps this is only limited to the middle to upper class citizens.

Comfort is gluttony and sloth.

--

I wonder, in from their perspective, if they see me as the wrong one. Living an unplanned life and doing things differently.

I've been spending so much time on programming...work, that I've forgotten to design. Making a game can require several arts, not just programming.

I don't know if I can live without the things that exist in cities: projects, smart and active people, new and exciting things.

I rely on others' excitement.

Living with Jon has taught me a lot, about life, especially design. I've droned for too long over projects without thinking about the overall design. Without thinking things through. I've spent too much time away from life: friends, family, and people. So much can be extracted from people. Perspective depends on mood. Instead of panicing during depression, one should think about what's wrong. Don't do anything you aren't excited about. Think about why you feel a certain way. Disect it. Then think of something new and try it.

3/25
I should write a blog post that analyzes my past. Think of what happened, why it did, any how to improve it, like Jon. Take the time to write well. Renovate the blog.

Travelling. The first leg of public transportation is a bliss. I think clearly. Of life improvement, and design. Why can't I think like this everyday? Sitting in front of a computer is not good. I need to learn when to take breaks, and when not to work completely. I'm always thinking, so working never really stops anyway. I need to travel, once a day. That's what will keep me active. In addition to living with others.

Maybe the reason I work so well in public (transporation, cafe, shared house) is because having people around keeps me from wandering around. Also, being around people just makes me happy.
--

Cities are filled with people who consume. The suburbs too. Only in rural areas do people consume a very small amount. Perhaps living in a rural area is best, like the east coast of Taiwan, or Rania. The lack of conumption leading to creativity. Not knowing what other people are making. Pure creativity. Creativity should be derived by personal experiences, not from media. Although, sometimes experiencing media is another person's personal experience.

Dhannanjay is surprising. He's really smart, and humble. He took me to a nearby village, Rania. He knew many of the people from the village and interacted with them on the same level. People love him. He helps so many people out on a daily basis. He lives a very active life. Working, travelling, helping, showing kids around. He knows many plants, can drive a tractor, can walk around anywhere. No shame. He eats on his bed within five minutes. He's able to communicate with everyone, despite being much smarter. He doesn't view other people as wasting time, he knows what each individual is capable of and views them equally. I wish Dhannanjay and Shila were my parents. We'd have so much fun together. Instead, I must learn how to get along with everyone, including those who do not love all people equally, and maintain my active self. It's just so much easier with another person.

Exploration is not limited to travelling to a new place. Jon taught me to explore people -- friends and the local community.

I believe one solution is to keep exploring. Take as many challenging projects as I can to stay active. Excited. Wherever I am. A game jam was an excellent idea. When I am alone, everything depends on me. My creativity, my mood. When I am alone, I have trouble being myself around others. I need to be more like Shila and Dhannanjay. They maintain an active life, even around people much slower then them. When I am with people slower then me, then I slow down.

Perhaps this is the first time in my life I feel lazy. Not motivated to do something. In the past, I'd try to work, but fail. I thought it was depression. But now it feels different. I'm somehow handling it well. Not excited, but haven't paniced. Yet. Jon helped. Perhaps Tomo will help. But how long will this last?

Maybe the reason Jon and I didn't create anything together is because we both extract creativity from personal experiences or thoughts. When we are together, we are trying too hard.

Being with Jon made me realized many things. About how much time I've wasted on work and not life. About design, thinking things through. About how our personalitiies require a balanced life, and how without it we crumble, feeling like we wasted time. The only times I felt down in my life after college were when I set out to make a game alone: That one time I came from New York for winter break. The time I tried to work at home before going to San Fancisco again. After San Francisco, and before travel. I was supposed to work on my own games. Games I was excited to create before coming home. Perhaps it was the excitement derived from living in new places that kept me going. Also, living alongside other people. An active life. I just need to wake up earlier.

3/29
Seeing the art department at MSU reminds me of schools I want to be around: Parsons, NYU, Pratt. Art schools and departments. Art students are so much more curious about life, excited. Excited to do something, make something.

The difference between the people from the art department and computer applications department is astounding. The computer applications department seems to have a dull technical curriculum. The people are not interested in deviating from it either. They just want to do the work. Do these people not get excited about work? Are they simply unintelligent or untapped? How do they live on?

3/31
I have to either create work for myself, or find work.

It's interesting to think about how people of different intelligence work together. Some people are excited about doing the lower level work, some only get excited for higher level work. Together they will happily execute the work. If the more intelligent person has to do the lower level work, he will be bored, and may even not finish the work.

I'm constantly following my curiosty, only doing things that excite me, never lowering my standards. Why stop?

Perhaps the reason I watch films is because I feel like consuming late in the night. I am unable to wander around. Trapped at home. A film is the perfect remedy.

4/1
The only time I feel good is at night, when the weather is cool and I am not feeling anxious due to social obligations.

4/2
I'm not sure how I feel about the last month. Did I do anything? A game jam should only take a few days to set up. Does thinking count? What about the time I spent with Jon and Dhannanjay?

I don't care about travel. I only care about work. I want that drive to feel progression, or else I feel like I am doing nothing, consuming, living. Did the world of school, college, and work condition me to feel bad when I am not working? Or is it just a part of my personality? I enjoy working toward things I love. That's all I want to do.

For the past few days I've just been following Jon. He's been the driving force in decision-making lately. Or perhaps most of the time he was here. I've been somewhat socially anxious whereas he's been thriving, and I've been following along. It didn't feel as terrible as it usually does. It felt normal. Like the times I was with Jeson. It's perfect for a short period of time, but I'd need a lot more space if this were to continue. Maybe I tagged along too many times. I should have been doing my own thing, while he does his. Like roommates. Instead we've been handling tasks together, sharing rickshaw rides, and travelling together. I need a little more space to create.

"His main focus is creating a playful learning environment for the next generation, especially toys."
  - Kuan-Ju Wu
  
4/4
Wealthy Indians move into suburbs of other countries. What's the point of building an expensive house in a suburb? It's far from from food [from rural areas] and work and education [in cities]. They rebuild family communities. What a waste. All to make the family comfortably live together.

After day one with Tomo in Vadodara:
Although the day went by smoothly with fun and partial glutton, I didn't spend any time thinking on a high level or creating anything. I've alotted this time for Tomo, just as I did for Jon. I'm sacrificing personal ambition. Or, I still haven't learned to balance work and life.

What to do next? Just do something immediately, everyday: personal art, community work, learn. Don't plan, live.

Move again? New city. Volunteer. Recreate a network. Join as many projects as possible.

4/5
I shouldn't feel socially obligated to do anything. Just live.

4/6
Sometimes, it feels so easy to just work and not think about the big picture. Not make decisions. Just wake up, work, and live.

I need to wake up earlier, to be around people, to be alert, to make moves. Being up at night only allows me to work mindlessly.

4/7
"You don't learn from books." -Dhannanjay

Design is extremely important in everything. Jon's game jam poster is well-designed. It created a theme for the website. The theme could have continued for the entire event. A theme in games are important too, just as Derek Yu mentions in his post ~"don't skimp artwork". It's what seperates the work from the rest. With art design, it feels like a complete product. Without it, it feels like a prototype.

Live. Don't travel.

4/8
I want to work with people. Direct work. Outside everyday. Learning, travelling, moving, eating, working. Not on a computer at home. Like Dhannanjay and Shila, I learn by working.

4/9
What can I do to help people around me? Volunteer at an organization? Directly help people? Be a doctor? What skills do I have? Don't I have to do something to prove my worthiness to help others?

No. I do anything. I can start new things: events, organizations, whatever. I can bring people together to do something. Live a better life. Make art. Empower people.

4/10
Today was quite depressing. Was it because I woke up at 1pm and sat on the computer, mindlessly, indecisively doing anything productive? Yeah. I become depressed so quickly without people or travel. I need to wake up early and go out, even if I have no reason to.

Lost motivation. Need inspiration?

Try a movie? But movies are so far from life.

Live with people. Make stuff. Stay active.


A day passed so quickly. Is it because I did not have any caffeine?

Don't be alone again. It's not worth living this way. At night. Alone. Think of the times with Jon, Tomo, JV's hostel, and Babycastles. Be social.


I'm not sure when I saw this article, but I felt this dude:
http://www.third-helix.com/2013/02/every-perspective-but-my-own/

4/11
I feel so anxious without work. Without direction. Travel or a movie calms me down. Perhaps a good movie will even inspire me to work. Inspire, design, work.

Now that Jon and Tomo are gone, I feel down. I'm unable to get inspired by people. Unable to extract valuable time from my interactions with people. Instead, I rely on fine art. Alone.

I want to open a studio in East Asia. I want to learn Chinese. I don't want to stop here. Making a game alone is too easy. I want to do bigger things. With people.

I wonder, do most fine artists live a sheltered life? Or is it just me.

Maybe when I am alone, I want to share my life with others. I take pictures. Similarly, I make film. Fine art.

Can I sustain a living creating fine art alone? Or will I learn to be creative with other people. Isn't this the introvert's dilemma?

4/12
There's no way I would want to live in an American suburb. Or any developed suburb. There just isn't enough people outside. Everyone is inside, in either a house or office. No cafe cultures. No fast food stands. No public transportation. No motorcycles.

Fell asleep during the afternoon. A sign of laziness or heat?

Getting anxious about not doing anything again. Slow down, design, listen to music, watch a movie.

Am I unable to live alone anymore? I was able to do so in San Francisco. Why not in India? Have I lost my ambition to create personal games? I have taken all that I wanted? I have to move on? Have I become used to travelling? Do I require the things that exist in cities: people with similar interest, work, things to consume?

I should be able to live in India and create games. If I fail to extract value from people, I can always use fine art media to inspire me.

Travel and fine art media are the same: I'm consuming something new. There's so much to consume from foreign contemporary films, as there is in new countries. When I stop, I become anxious. I'm spoiled. A world full of new things. I should be happy with nothing, consuming nothing, creating everything. In San Francisco, I was only consuming one or two movies a week, and many albums per month working more than full-time.

You must create. Don't stop. Use music, movies, and travel to aid you if you must. Just don't overconsume.

Perhaps I just require much less social time than most people. I was so happy living alone in New York and San Francisco. Consuming new things, creating new things, living. Far from the social norms, less social than most, but I was happy. A happy hermit creating things no one knows.

I'm not sure if I was living when I was alone in an apartment working and consuming media, or travelling and talking to people. The less I consume real life, the more creative I am. Lock me away in a room and I'll find everything outside exciting. Allow me to travel the world, and I won't have the urge to create anything, rather wanting to volunteer for social work. Which life do I prefer? I need to learn to balance this. Work on personal art and do social work, like Syed and Jon.

I was happy working, but it was mindless. No design. No higher thinking. I need to remember to take time off. So unbalanced.

I was able to focus though. Completing projects. Now I've lost my patience. Travel has spoiled me. I forgot what work is.

What is life? Travelling, working, living? A balance of them all.


4/13
I'm pushing everyone away to be alone and work. This is not good. I need to wake up, spend time with people, and balance work. Let me just choose a job, then I'll be okay. It's the indecision of work that is driving me nuts. Working on Pinkies Up, I felt like I had work. Steady. Without steady work, I have to continually make decisions. It's tough, for a person who values time so much.

I think living in a city will cure me. Tons of work. Tons of things to do. Friends. I love it. I don't want to stop working. Make games, film, events, photos, so much to do.

Perhaps I can't live alone anymore. I need someone. I need a day job.

Travelling has made me anxious. I feel like doing things. I feel like I am not making progress. So much can be done within a short period of time. travel has spoiled me.

I think if I move to a city now, I would be more outgoing. More talktive. An event organizer. A profressor. The director of a team.

...

I'm losing it. Not getting work done, running in circles. Waking up late. Not inspired. Another movie? Wake up early somehow? Was I always this mood-oriented? The lack of progression is killing me. I want to make a game but I am failing.


4/14
Mammy's family is overly comfortable, like the comfortable people Dhannanjay joked. They live in a small town, yet they eat and drink from packaged goods, as if the quality were higher than fresh food. They store their foods for long periods of time, until the taste is gone. She is overly comforting, asking me hundreds of times if I want anything to eat or drink (pizza, non-veg, sak, juice, coke, cold water, debra, khakhra, yogurt, grilled cheese...) and consistently trying to overfeed me, and even asking me if I am comfortable. It seems that it is their job to comfort me.

It seems their job is to merely live. Nothing else. And even then, living to comfotably, they suffer from laziness. Getting fat. Not excercising. They are the prototype middle to upper class Indian family. Living for comfort, no direction.

Via is their only hope. Ignoring the constant scoldings of her entire family. Doing what she wants. Not caring about comfort. Sleeping on the floor. Eating pizza. Playing games. Running around the neighborhood.

I wouldn't want to live with this family, just as I don't want to live with my own. Or, I could, but my life would be completely seperate, only sharing daily necessities, like eating and sleeping. No shared work.

on the bus:
I need to talk. I need creative outlet. I should be talking to someone on the bus, but I'm not interested enough. I've lost my social energy. I'm lazy.

I've lost my ability to do things alone.

In San Francisco and New York, there was enough events. In Taipei, I need to rely on travel and real friends. I need more artist friends. I need to hang out in artist spaces more. I need to maintain a social life. Invite Rice, Simon, Ann, classmates, to places.

4/15
Offices, shared workplaces, cafes are really inductive to work. It also prevents me from drifting off, thinking about psychology, personal life, entering depression, designing. I need to stay in these, but remember to take time to think about design and life. Balance.

Traveling is easy because I want to do it. Making games should be similarly easy, if I want to do it.

4/16
I would enjoy living a life in which I constantly work with people I like. Start or join a project, finish it, repeat. It involves meeting people, getting to know them closely, creating something, and finishing it.

I NEED people to talk to.

4/17
It's so much easier to do things once you are outside. Going outside should be the first step in a day. It makes you ready and willing to do anything. Not in the comfort and laze of home.

The world uses Facebook because the world is full of social people. I'm a social recluse. Or maybe I just prefer more direct social contact.

I need to take time away to think more often. Just sit and think. Like Jon. Or else, I'll won't stop consuming and creating. And my creations will be affected by the things I consume.

"I think all my decisions about work are based on very personal motivations at the times that I’ve made them. And it’s always been about people."
  - Christopher Doyle

Continuing with yesterday's thought, I think the reason I feel I would be better off in a city is because there is an abundance of artists to work with. I can meet people, create something together. I am at comfort with my work with people whom I can share it with. If my work is fine art, only they would understand.

Jon doesn't require this. He is able to be creative anywhere he is. He doesn't need other creative people. He could make a game using his family as an inspiration. I have trouble doing this. I feel like I am alone when I am with my family, or in India. I need artist friends.

~"people spend 50% of their time in front of computers"
   - Christopher Doyle

add to life traps txt:
An addition to the over researching life trap. Sometimes I start a project, but lose track of the main goal by over researching, instead of trying, or simply using what I have, trying to do something the "best" way.

plans before Nepal trip:
Spend time with Viranch. Be social, have fun, not super serious. Slow him down. Enjoy living with locals.

Create games, films, write stuff. Talk to people. Anyone. Everyone.

On the way back, live on trains and buses.

4/18
to life balance blog post:
My inability to balance life becomes more apparent as I play games (cricket and pittu garam) after a long period of time. How can a person who doesn't play games, or is not playful, make games? The resulting games would be very serious.

The life of Bharatbhai and is family is amazing. He wakes up at 5am, gets ready, does a little work ironing, gets mangos from mango tree, plays a little suthyadi with his son and friends, makes mango athanu in the evening with his wife, and talks to his family, friends, and neighbors throughout the day. How can life get better than this? This is the most balanced life. Time with family, friends, work, consumption (monetarily low), exercise. The only thing missing or perhaps unnecessary is time alone. Time alone is what leads to art. Wanting to show something from personal experience.

Starving oneself from life is what leads to people creating. Re-creating life on a medium because they're deprived of it. Wanting something but not getting it. It only takes a small experience to inspire a hermit artist. The hermit artists will take that experience and make something great.

At least, that's one way.

I need to figure out how to live normally and create art. Thus far it has felt like they are at opposite ends of the spectrum. I can only have one.

At this point I don't feel like creating anything. Lost ambition. Lost inspiration. I'm just living. Like everyone else. Which life is better, one that enjoys everyday, eating fresh green mangos, or one that suffers, trying to create something great, endlessly researching, thinking, doing, failing, and retrying?

4/19
Most people are able to control the time they do things. They work and eat at a certain time. My life is variable. I follow my body. If I feel like working out, I do. If I feel like creating I do. If I feel like working, I do. I follow my body's time. People follow the rest of the world's time.

Looking back at the work I did during my first month in India, I see I failed. I tried a bunch of engines, but didn't go through any one of them. I didn't have the motivation. I started an engine or project, but stopped after a day or two. I tried to push myself to do the work, but it didn't work. Well, that and the adaptation of hot weather, living with Indians, consuming Baroda, and fighting off Doxycycline.

after scootering with Dhannanjay:
I question what the purpose of life is again. At one point, I thought fine art is all that mattered. Creating new concepts, ideas. Pushing art mediums. Researching something that furthers human development.

While traveling, I still felt this way, I think. I just consumed all that I could as I moved.

Now, living in India, having a domestic worker family, riding with Dhannanjay, working with Jon, I'm living a more simple life. I'm just living. My motivation for grandeur has diminished. A normal social life is becoming somewhat important. I question my past. I question the present. What should I do?

Do I move to Taiwan, go back to New York, or go home?

As Dhannanjay has said more than once, you will enjoy living anywhere there is company. I feel that this is becoming more and more apparent. I believe I left San Francisco because I was unable to develop a good group of friends. I was narrow-minded in my friend choice, seeking people who wanted to push fine art in games, and were equally enthusiastic as I was, pushing many great people away. Surprisingly, I found what I wanted in New York. Exactly what I wanted. Babycastles. Zack. I would have stayed in New York, and kind of want to go back because of them. I can't live in India because I don't have any friends here. By friends, I mean like-minded people, not just anyone from the community around me. People who I can have conversation with about anything. People who will partake projects with me. People who would want to live with me.

Being around people who strive for fine art befits me perfectly. They feed my social needs. Still, most live normal lives. With them I can live a normal life and still create fine art.

What's the point in moving to a new city? Self-motivation. I want to learn Mandarin. Otherwise, it's the same city stuff. No different than what I want to do in New York.

4/20
Games are such a small part of people's lives, yet the process of making them is such a large part of mine.

on the bus to Jaipur:
I only learn things by doing it. When have I ever learned something from books, class, or otherwise? I learned making games by making one. I learned making programs by making one. I made film by making one. I learned to talk to people because I need to. I The only way to learn foreign languages is by having the need to talk to people with it. I learned teaching kids by doing it. I learned organizing an event by doing it. Each time I am self-motivated to do the thing. Instead of learning, I need to place myself in a position in which I am forced to do something, or else I won't. *Think about places to put myself.* Don't learn, do.

Figure out what you want to do, place yourself there, then do it.

I want to go to Taiwan, contact people, make stuff, and never stop. I also want to get some money to get out of debt. I'd still like to make games in my spare time. I don't want a full-time job (8 hours). The job should force me to speak Mandarin. It should allow me time to do what I want. No office job. Independent, so I feel that I am able to do anything. Or just pick up as many projects as I can and somehow get a work visa out of it. Or not. Just re-enter. Work with people, whether it's a company or me alone with people as customers. An independent photographer, journalist, videographer, filmmaker, designer, teacher, professor, artist, game designer, game developer, parkour teacher, martial arts master, and whatever else I am interested in. Don't stop.

My work should not be influenced by anyone. It should be pure creativity. I should be able to talk to people about it, and get them excited.

I may need to put myself in a position in which I am struggling to get the inspiration to create fine art. Or just consume a little fine art media. Try not to use it over real life though.

My goal? Maintain a stable and productive life. Do as much as I can. Don't stop. Don't cut of people so that I can do my own work. Don't be superior. I need people to finish projects.

How:
0. When you go back to Baroda, finish your prototypes. You still want to do it over anything else. The game mechanics should be tuned. Release them to the app store. It's needed to show that you have the capacity to complete a project. 

If you still have some motivation, create a social jam and gam jam. Enter a contest. Just do it. Go through the whole creation process. Make a film to avoid the whole game development engine choice. Use what you have.

Create a business card. Clean the portfolio site and blog. Then go to Taiwan.

1. Get a list of all the studios, especially independent film and interactive art. Contact them, ask them for work.

2. Check out contemporary events. Go to them. Talk to people, especially people from higher up, and especially those I am personally interested in. Avoid the stereotype goody Asian students. Find the most eccentric ones. Join them for cooperative events. Talk about creating something together. Use a contest or event as a theme and deadline. Use their equipment, of the school's.

3. Talk to professors at NTU for film and game design.

4. Keep working on my own projects. Make games. Make films. Make stuff. Use jams, contests, and art events as deadlines. EGP once per month. Experimental film contest once per month? Pure creativity. Start with nothing and create something. That's what builds motivation. Tell people about it. Finish the project while you still have the motivation.

5. Make events. Make Babycastles Taiwan.

6. Somehow, I need to make money. Take on gigs. Learn Mandarin. Learn to communicate with kids. Learn to communicate with a community.

7. Get a girlfriend.

Babycalstes Taiwan:
- create a public arcade containing local games
- create a game jam (and workshop)
- create a social jam
- build an artist social network* (missing from Baroda)
---

I let a father let his daughter in my sleeper. It makes me happy. I want to talk to her, which is rare of me. I usually don't care.

Why is it that the first leg of my travel puts me back in direction?

Home is where my artists friends are. Where the work is. If the work moves, my home moves.


4/21
on the bus to New Delhi:
The luxury bus with nice shock absorbers is too uncomfortable. The bus driver is constantly blowing the horn and I'm in the front seat. The bus is really well equipped with good shock absorption, yet it's nowhere near as comfortable as my last bus. Why? Is too much comfort uncomfortable? Am I only comfortable in a busy place?

I couldn't watch the movie playing for more than a few seconds. I already know the entire movie.

Jon's statement on creativity strengthens. Creativity does not depend on fine art references. It seems easy to stand out. Just do something new. That's all. New waves begin with a new idea. A new group of people set out to do something new. The people are inspired by the people around them. Like how Babycastles inspired Hokra, Baribariball, and Poler Riders.

Fine art is just creating something new. Pure creativity.

I need to create more. Design more. Finish projects.

What was I doing all my life? Trying to make something. Not living. Struggling. For what? It's the only way I'm able to live. It's all I want to do. After this trip with Nepal, I need to get on my grind. No excuses, no comfort, no moving. Use media as a device to push me to work, but don't forget to step back to design. You've live life long enough. It's been nearly a year. So many ideas. So much to make.

4/25
to Art and Life blog:
I've become more impatient. Less caring for "the big picture", furthering art, furthering human development, large-scale projects. More caring for community, the people around me, small-scale projects, fast work and fast results. Now I'm having trouble going back to do the work for the large projects.

I mentioned how I enjoyed Chun Wei Ching's carefree methods of living and working, helping handicap people, to Viranch. Viranch mentioned the need for taking time to do large things. I mentioned my experimental, prototyping methods.

I wonder, what's more important, Braid or Babycastles? Braid inspired nearly the entire independent game community. Babycastles locally inspired the people around them to create a variety of games. Braid is an amazing achievement in game design. Babyacastles is a powerful organization in art that is constantly furthering art in games in various directions. Braid inspired people, Babycastles kept people motivated.

The business partner of the hostel in Kathmandu has a lot of useless knowledge and follows a stable business life.

Tomoe told me she worked in Japan for 10 years as a web designer. She doesn't know how to program. She backpacked when she was 23 for almost one year. Now again at age 34, for three years, for various reasons. Doesn't enjoy life? Doesn't enjoy work? I barely lasted 12 months in total with two jobs. People need vacations. Some people need more. Office life doesn't make sense. One has to create a community and family they'd fight for to work in one place for a long-term. Without responsibilities or a community, one is free to move. She said she felt free. Running away or wanting to explore, knowing there's more to life?

4/27
on the bus from Kathmandu to Darjeeling:

The problem with living in India is the same as living at home: I've lost my sense in time. Deadlines are meaningless. Self-motivation dissipated. I haven't thought of anything new for some time. I'm failing to set deadlines and complete the work on time.

The creative process is best started with as little as possible. A theme, a word, a picture, nothing. Popular art is so limited. Even independent art. Only fine art explores, creates something entirely new, without reference.

Is the realism in Nepal cinema a response to Bollywood?

I remember getting on buses in American cities. I ignored everything and focused on my work, my creations. This bus trip is the opposite, I'm idly staring out the window.

to Nepal blog:
Nepalese people are civilized, physically and mentally beautiful. Tourist shops don't hawk people down, handicap people don't follow people for long, no one stares at foreigners -- not even farmers, people don't crowd around shops or food stands, people don't push or learn against others in lines, girls freely walk the streets with trendy clothing, guys don't gawk the trendy girls down, kids run around city neighborhoods and towns. Towns filled with European brick buildings and alleyways; chicken, sheep, and ducks roam freely, kids run around, mothers cooking a few meters behind each house's door, people hanging out in storefronts, everyone walking down, alleyways never-ending, elders and new wives peeking out of their windows or balconies, elderly gossiping in the square's building's porch corners, momos cooking in large steam pots, chai being drunk.

Compared to India, the last country I was in, the people here are refreshing. Their overall balanced nature reminds me of Taiwan. Nepal, from what I've gathered during my few days in Kathmandu, is one of my favorite countries. Kathmandu seems like a great city to live in. Like Taipei, I feel potential. A new wave of art and economy coming soon.

4/29
Creativity doesn't derive from anything. After not consuming very little media while travelling, then glancing at pop media, it all seems extremely uncreative in every aspect.

There's a lot of information in the world. I'm curious. But sometimes, I need to focus on my work and ignore the world.

4/30
It's so much easier to live alone. Without time obligations. It's so difficult for me to balance time while living so close to people. I have to learn to be like a business-man, like Dhannanjay and Dinesh.

5/1
I am at my best when I am alone. Solitude. No social obligations. No indecision. Just live and work.

5/2
I felt great after leaving India. Even with Viranch, I was relaxed. Now that Viranch is gone, I am back to my normal SF self, working and living healthily. Well, lacking social time, but at least I feel great.

I now feel like working on my games. I guess living in India, I lost value in my personal work and shifted my life with the people around me. I adapt to what surrounds me. When I live in a small town alone, I live happily working away on my own things. When I live with family, or a community, I help the people around me. When I live in a city, I push myself to work quickly, keeping pace with city artists.

5/3 - Darjeeling, morning after Gatty's cafe
I need to be more like the cook I met at the bar last night, Shila, and Babycastles members. Talk fast, work fast, socialize at night, and work high level jobs. Live and work around the world, don't stop. Live in Taiwan, France, Italy, Spain, Japan, Hong Kong, South America, Switzerland, Mumbai or Delhi, but remember to travel a bit to remind myself of the people that live outside of cities.

The bar was a really nice experience, after not having been able to talk to new, intelligent city dwellers after some time. Conversation about language game, writing Chinese on computers, racism in England, nationalism, and more. Cafes and (a few) bars are places where intelligent people talk in Western countries.

I need to work and be with people simultaneously.*****

5/3
Be a cook in France, a craftsman in Italy, a doctor in Spain, and more! Just stay active.

I need a job. To keep me active. Learning. Always.

Steps to live this way: move to a new area, find something interesting, talk to people, pick up job, repeat.

5/4
Place yourself in a place where you are constantly learning:  a new country, higher education, high arts.

Is creativity and consumption the opposite? People work then travel, never both. People who create live in one place. People who consume keep moving. A balance is needed.

Time passes easily when you are alone. It becomes easier to craft larger projects. When I am with people, my attention span is much shorter.

I have such an easier time creating and choosing what I want to do when I am alone. With people around, I stray from this, doing what others want to, being less creative. I still need to learn how to be creative around others.

It's make so much more sense to simply live and not worry about the future of personal finance.

Never stay inside a place alone. Your brain is much more active with people around, things moving.

Always take time to talk and meet people. The time spent with the people in Darjeeling is amazing. They're smart, humble, and being around them makes me feel more confident. Talking to Fred, I feel that living and working in a new country is a great thing. You have to keep learning and doing.

5/5
A few hours in Sonada:
I took a second class train to the nearby town of Sonada from Darjeeling. I wondered around the 10 block sized town. I found a place to sit in a quiet, neighborhoodly side street. Kids approached me, curiously, intelligently, asking my name, initially a little shy. Soon, a core group of 5 were talking to me.

The main girl, Isneya, was extremely intelligent. She talked the most. When she didn't understand something, she asked her friend who knew more English, but was too shy to talk, or unable to hold a conversation, learning more words. She translated for two elder shy girls. She has good morals and boundaries. When I had my laptop out, it attracted people that were less intelligent, she told me that I should close it. When we went too far from the neighborhood, she said we should go back. I later found out that she lives with the other kids in the same room. Her family is out to Suligiri for a few days. Her parents are a doctor and a nurse.

The other girls -- Radhika, Isneya's sidekick, the more East Asian appearing one, Ridjin, knowing more English, Ridthen, Ridjin's brother, Megha, a younger care-free one -- were amazing. They formed an amazing group of family friends. They remind me Asian core groups of my past, my own, Ivar's, the older group. I wished more people were like them.

Three elder girls came later, a shy yet spontaneous 15 year old, an older one, and a 12th grader. They were nice too, more mature, less playful.

Although I was able to maintain some liveliness, I failed to keep them engaged for the two or three hours. I fell back to media, showing them music and videos. I should have kept talking, playing games, walking around, making games, taking photos and videos, being playful for the entire time. I failed. I lost my creativity. I lost my engagement. I need to work on this.

I feel that I need to be around such people -- smart, curious. I do better with them. I feel better in neighborhoods and higher education. When I am around people who are neither familial or artistics, I am more productive. When I am with others, I am less productive, tending to consume more. When I am alone, I am very productive, but am more prone to lose track of the social aspects of life.

5/7
an e-mail to Jon:

Bharatbhai's family really is amazing. When I was there I kinda wanted to make a film about him, Bharatbhai: Full of Life, or a film in which he transforms into a gangster or a more serious city-grinder.

I've been talking to a few other travelers in Darjeeling. It seems we all have the same dream: to own a sustainable farm and bed and breakfast joint not too far from modern civilization yet not too close. I've also thought about owning a hostel or cafe as I've met a lot of happy hostel and cafe owners. Owning a stable business is a good way to opt out of the rat race. Brown immigrants know this with their motels, hotels, and Subways.

My friend and I spent around 5 days around Kathmandu valley and around 3 days in Darjeeling. One of the days was spent stalling a 250cc Impulse all over the streets of Kathmandu, as it was my second day riding a manual. The best way to learn! I still haven't left Darjeeling. I kinda just felt content in these northern areas. It has good climate, people, and simple food (delicious teas, soups, and momos aka steamed dumplings). The combination of these good qualities and being away from people in Baroda also put me into a more focused, semi-work mode. I'm going try to make games (yet again) living cheaply and somewhat sociably in small towns in northern India (Darjeeling, McLeod Ganj, Leh) and Nepal (Dhulikel and Bhaktapur). I didn't expect to do much work, so I don't even have my iPad, which kinda sucks. After this trip I'm going to live and work in Taiwan.

Yep. Taiwan, not New York :( . I just feel I would be happier, relaxed yet excited, and more confident living and working in Taiwan and wherever else thereafter because I always feel like I'm learning more by living in a new place. Which is kinda bad, as I should be able to learn by living in one place. I even wouldn't mind picking up some random jobs because I'm sure I'll be able to extract value from the time. There's a lot of problems with this lifestyle, but I'm okay with it for the moment. Live and work and live and work. I've got bills to pay.

Hah, that game jam went by soooo fast I barely remember it! I'm unsure if I could do such things alone either. I think just being surrounded by Indian people made us more selfless because we're the types to adjust to our surroundings. Such selfless people, those Barodians.

Ahhh nice videos. I planned to take some with Hiren when I get back to Baroda.

Blah. Working alone seems so impossible now. Damn you India. Changing my values n shit. I look forward to just talking to people in Taipei.

5/8?
Talk to people. Be able to extract the data you want from people, but don't linger.

Do all you can. Don't learn. Do.

5/8
This feels good. Staying up late. Waking up early. Working early. Having things to do. Motivated. I guess it is the lack of social life slowing me down. The need for Babycastles. Like-minded people. Or just intelligent people to talk to.

Josh, Kelda's boyfriend, had conversation with me about the people he encounters daily working at a liquor shop in the suburbs east of Brisbane. How family-oriented Samoans are, expected to take care of cousins three families away. How the youth grow up bad and join gangs. How a good teacher or pupil can set a child straight. How the Samoans are likely similar to Black Americans and Hispanic Americans. How it is to grow up in an environment, learning when and how to talk with such people, avoiding danger. How it is a pro to grow up in such an environment, as opposed to the gated communities of higher classes.

How have I lived a life so far from life itself? Replacing life with media in the boring suburbs of America. Trapped? Inability to explore? When I was a child I was able to bike freely. When I moved to the motel, I was trapped. When I moved to River Walk, I felt trapped. When I got a car, I explored a little, but not nearly as much as I should have, spending most time on colllege and media.

It's crazy how music can hold you over an 8-hour shift, or a 12 hour programming day, or any work. You work, and life passes you by. All the people you could have met, talked to, impacted, instead you're working on something only grand in your eyes.

It's foolish to think one can be a financially sustainable independent game developer. I don't think I ever felt I was going to be one. I just wanted to take some time to make things I wanted to. I can always do something else for money. Release the games for free, incomplete, fine art. Start projects with other artists. I don't mind.

You have to live and work. Work is based on a moment of life.

Everything is based on the moment. It's what you think about. What you're surrounded by. What you're doing.

5/9
I should try talking to some girls while doing short-term travel. There's less to lose as the relationship will be short.

5/9
Being able to talk to the travelers in Nepal, get along with my hostel owners, and meet more people feels great. I didn't feel too terrible after the night at the bar. I should have left much earlier, but it was nice to spend time with people.

Fred is amazing. He's able to walk around, talk to people, and get things done. No computer use at all.

5/10
The bar folks are wearing off. The city is getting stormy. I'm losing my excitement of living in Darjeeling.

I enjoy talking to people about certain subjects with some intelligence. When Fred and Sheela were together, it was somewhat smart. After that, it's become dumbed down to drinking stories and meeting people. I think I'm just starting to care less about people again.

Maybe the problem with me being around people is that I don't enjoy a lot of things that people do in social situations. I enjoy working on cool things, eating healthily at home or simple when out. A simple life. When one goes out, it is often expected to do something, eat out, entertainment, which all comes with a cost -- financial, ecological, and mental. I'd rather live like Jon and Ching, like Mandy. Simple routine work. Of course there are times I want to consume, and enjoy doing so.

Perhaps now is not the time to consume. Just work for a month. Sit at the hostel, go out when it's clear, live simply.

5/11
I don't feeling like travelling. Take advantage of this feeling and do some work. When you're ready to move, go to Nepal. That's it. It's simple.

to life traps:
A life trap I often run into is that I plan my future, but when the time comes I don't feel like following those plans. I need to plan less and follow my feelings. Live for the moment.

Listening to Kendrick Lamar seems so unreal now. After not listening to music for so long, Black Americans seem like an alien culture. It's amazing how media can portray a certain culture.

5/12
Life on the computer is weird now. Avoid it. Get up early. Use the computer outside near other people during normal hours. There is no point of staying up late. Learn to work during normal hours, and learn to manage time.


I've lost my motivation to travel and simply feel like working, like a cog in a machine.

When I move to a new place, there's a period of exploration. After I've explored, I lost my interest in exploring and immediately go into working mode. I should be exploring people, constantly, but I don't. I fall back to my lonely, computering, useless self.

Keep working toward the things you are interested in. Stop travelling. Go back to your grand self, but be humble about it.

Sleep early. Wake up on time, even if you lose a few hours of sleep. I used to think it wasn't worth sacrificing the brain power lost during sleep, now I think it's not worth waking up without anyone around.


http://www.jordoncooper.com/2009/11/the-life-of-an-intj/:
More thinking about the cons of my personality, and feeling alone.

I used to think that working during the day is best because that is time I can think deeply. Now I'm thinking that I would work during night, because my work doesn't require much brainpower.

Work mode commences. Work, music, sunshine, dreaming, happiness, smiley faces.

from blog:
I learned that it's quite difficult to live in a place in which you cannot connect with people at a certain level and decided that I either must live in a city or bring friends along to places I want to spend a long period of time.

5/13?
Making games can be complex, depending on the amount of work the game requires. It requires a balanced life to complete one.

I just like working on my own things in the public.

I feel like I'm just working now, instead of making a game, the feedback response is too slow, I'm losing track of progress.

I fucking love cafes, and just being around people all day.

I've gone from a person of extreme to a balanced person. I'm unsure which is better. In an extreme life, I make differences to the world. In a balanced life, I make differences to the people around me.

I think I'm done with my balanced life portion. I'd like to go back to my drone scientist / artist mode.

5/14
Tiger hill with Melinduh, Mirah, and ?

On the way and back from Tiger Hill I talked to the three girls from Germany (and one from Switzerland?). They all volunteered for a year in South India for a month. One in Myosore and the other two in a more remote area. The two girls in the remote area said that they volunteered through a well-known government-funded organization in Germany. They were told that they were going to teach kids, instead they found a disorganized place. Their bosses lazily sit in offices to get paychecks. They were not give any methods of teaching the kids. They found it difficult with the language barrier. Instead they took on a new task of teaching a small class of handicapped children, which requires their full attention.

Melinduh is smart, social, observant, outgoing. She laughs at the creation of a jam named "traffic jam". Mirah is quiet, hungry, and tired. X is quite amazing for her age; She's social, but not overly talkative and has very good judgement.

I talked to X over a cup of masala chai. We talked. A lot. About life, travel, and movies. We talked about how creativity is not based on other people, our experiences living with people in close quarters, how it's impossible to live in rural India because there are no people to get along with on a certain intellectual level, serious movies about everyday life, how she can't spend much time on a computer and why she wants to be a psychologist, and probably a lot more. It was kinda amazing.

I spent most of the day being social. Talking to Dhivyum and the girls from Germany all day. I didn't do any work. I don't know if this is wrong. I'm not working. At the moment, I guess I did not feel like working. I think I will want to work soon. I don't want to force myself to work, I should want to do it. Self-motivation. I guess, at the time, I felt like talking to people, and didn't mind spending the time with people.

5/?
My extended stay in Darjeeling was interesting. I mainly spent time with people, talking to them, going out to the bar at night, chatting with Fred, two natives, and three German girls. Have I transformed from a city hard-working person to a lazy person? Is Fred lazy? Nah. I think I just need some social outlet, with people I can relate to. Still, it was quite a failure in game development.

Sometimes I feel that there is a gap between the people in Virginia and the people in cities, in intelligence.

5/18
Placement is important. Although, it shouldn't be. People should be able to do whatever they want, wherever they want. But people are undoubtedly influenced by their surroundings. It is true: the greatest influence of people are their peers.

It's important to place yourself in an environment where you will do great things. Place yourself with people of the highest intelligence. Top universities. Still, be creative and not be overly influenced by people around.

When I was at Babycastles, and saw games like Pole Riders and Hokra, I wanted to make something like it. It's good to do something of high capacity, but I shouldn't have been directly influenced by it, should I? I mean, I guess it is in many ways what I wanted to do: make games that are fun.

When I am alone in towns around the world, I do not feel like making games. I explore. Sometimes I work around me, volunteer. Sometimes I stick to my own creativity, making a film. Other times, I give up my surroundings and focus on games. It's really tough to do that, but more than anything, it's what I want to do.

5/20
Having people around, friends around, stops me from wondering, and keeps me focused on what needs to be done. The Secret Game Jam team is so nice. When something goes wrong, they aren't angry, they laugh and find a workaround.

As I am bedsick, I am sitting on my computer, losing track of what's important.

Having a few people on a project makes it feel more real, more exciting, it creates deadlines for itself.

5/21
Taiwan has a good balance of work and life. They work hard, yet they go out with their family when they have the spare time. They know their neighbors. They're liberal. They recycle. I adapt to the places I live in, so perhaps living in Taiwan I will live a balanced life too.

When I work, I lose track of time, track of life, obsessed.

5/22
So it was the sickness holding me in the hostel, not wanting to go out, to do things, talk to people, make moves. Now that I feel well, I feel like going out.

Within just a few days of sickness, I've gone back to my introvert computering self. I need to stay in the public to maintain a healthy life.

Maybe the problem in my past is that I was being too specific of what I wanted to do. It did lead me to Babycastles and Zack, but I could've done a lot more with more people if I were more open.

As long as your laptop has battery, the world is your workplace. Furthermore, without programming work, you don't even need your laptop. Just a phone. Like businessmen.

Bhaktapur is a magical city.

I'm too obssesive. Narrow-minded. I do one thing and ignore everything else. I either work or live, unable to balance both.

Maybe I, like Jon, become obsessed with work, and have to make sure to keep track of time.

to art manifesto:
Your work should reference nothing. It should be like nothing else that exists. It should be completely new.

Sometimes in work, I consume rather than create, which is a form of wondering.

5/23
I can see that I am taking too long to go out. Over-planning what to do, when all I need to do is go out and find something to eat.

I was unable to listen to Pitchfork while traveling because it wasn't creative enough. There's too many references and genres in the music.

found in note on my computer desktop:
- emergency: game route is not working
-- failing to find motivation to work on the computer alone
-- need people to work with
-- need faster social feedback
-- need deadlines
-- making games alone is impossible
-- need a social life, then at a public place (outside, park, hostel, hackerspace, fablab, cafe, apartment) make games
-- need more external stimuli
--- need to travel more, spend more time outside

5/24
I find is so difficult to be motivated to travel / social and work simultaneously. I only feel like doing one at a time. I need to push myself to do the other.

I feel fucking great today. It's incredile how physical health affects mental health. I feel like fucking, dancing, and taking over the world.

To create something new, you have to start from scratch. -- to art manifesto

I need to be around outgoing people while working, to push me to be more social and outgoing myself during this time.

It's crazy how limited the things said in rap songs are. Only Western people can understand the references. The sounds are generated from popular drum machines. I don't ever want to limit myself to a certain culture. It's reinforced: creativity is affected by your recent surroundings. Live in places where artists don't live. Also, even ASAP ROCKY's last album isn't smart. -- to art manifesto

I'm getting back to my working machine self. Getting healthy. Productive.

When you work, you think about yourself. No one else. There's a world out there, and you ignore it all.

But I appreciate ASAP ROCKY for making the music, growing up broke in Harlem, "Suddenly" making it. He probably did have a tough life, living in a shelter with his mother, his father in jail, and his brother shot dead. I didn't take these rappers lives seriously when I heard them before travelling. Now, I feel for them a bit more. They're not intelligent enough to live a more normal life, so they look for ways out: rap, play a sport. It's either that or work at McDonald's. They're a product of their surroudings. They're stuck in projects. They don't see much out of it. Even if it's a project in New York, their life doesn't involve the good aspects of New York. They go from their project to their workplace and back. 

I've become spoiled in life. Over confident in my ability to survive. Life's not a struggle anymore. It's different for others.

I've lived alone for so long. People live and interact constantly. I've only begun during travelling.

I may be feeling the same as Jon about being unable to compete with the workaholics of cities. They work hard, but for what. They live an unbalanced life. I woldn't want that.

5/25
Use exercise as caffiene. If you feel like going out, moving, just let it out through exercise.

Exercise is key for work mode, and a healthy life.

Need to balance life. Need to balance alert time and comfort time. Need to transition quickly.

Maybe experiencing media I was travelling worlds.

In the past I judged things according to quality. Anyone who didn't try to attain a certain quality, I disregarded.

The placement of intelligent people is important. And their placement depends on them.

5/26
Fantisizing my next move: living and working in Taiwan. I need to be sure to have great composure. Balance life. Be outgoing, yet work hard. It will be tough, but I can't wait.

It's a shame that many of the smartest people live in cities. Other places in the world could use them.

Maybe good music takes a few listens because it's that different, that creative.

These rappers are struggling. Their friends have actually been shot. That's the life they live. People listen to rap, but do they feel for them? The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar is a good example of a day in the life in Compton. Kedrick and ASAP Rocky are smarter than their peers, they can rap about their lives, the people around them, exposing their lives to the world.

Too bad the world has heard enough rap. Music needs to come from places rarely heard of.

Artists create things about their own life: where they live, the people that live there, how they live. Their life.

5/27
Travelling feels worth the time. The past year feels like five.

I like the idea of living in a new place, not near technology culture, but doing very technical work. When I do take a highly technical job, I would want to spend my free time with family, people, cooking, volunteering, simple things, instead of the young profressional life of bars.

Today is the perfect day. I woke up, got ready, hiked out, and began working in a beautiful place. The weather is perfect. My ecological footprint is low. This is how everyday should be.

There's a stuggle in life for intelligent people. They cannot live simple lives. They need to do work that uses their brain. This is why intelligent people live in cities and not farms. Also, because they have company, friends there. One way to escape cities is to move out as a group. Settle elsewhere. Create an institution in a beautiful place.

5/29
The time spent learning languages by book was a waste. The time spent alone was a waste. I need to keep talking to people, working with people. Going into work mode has defeated a lot of things I valued previously. I now consume music and do work, nothing more. Unbalanced. No, I should be excited to make my games! I'm losing excitement. That's the problem.

Maybe I need people. Or movies. Or maybe I need to spend time in the public! That's the problem. This room is no good. Losing track. All I can think about is my next step. Going to Taiwan. Meeting people. Doing stuff. Making stuff. Together. But I have to finish these projects. My future work depends on it. Maybe it's because I'm not getting feedback from my work. I want to incorporate the things around me, the people around me, in my work.

I'm just thinking if the game sprites were drawn by a Thunka artist, programmed by me, guided by Jon, sound by recording dancers. How incredible it would be because it brings together local people. I need to be confident enough to do this. Like Jon. IT CAN HAPPEN. WITH THIS GAME. OR ANY OF MY PROTOTYPES. GO FOR IT. FINISH IT IN INDIA.

5/30
Media allows people to consume without travelling. I can get my daily consumption without travelling. But it's wrong. I should be living not consuming media. But how can I live and work? Work requires me to be alone. Music aids me.

Routine is good for work but bad for creativity.

Maybe media makes one feel less lonely.

5/31
Today I went to a guesthouse owned by the parents of two kids that approached me in a nearby Durbar Square. They invited me to see their guest house. A few days later I went. It was a pleasant walk to the outer line of the city. At the guesthouse I kept talking, going with the flow, talking with their Dad, the owner. He said he needed some help with a website. Normally I'd be uninterested because the work is boring, but I kept talking. This lead to me cleaning his PC, creating a Tripadvisor and Agoda account, and advising marketing strategies for his guest house. All of this, within a few hours. It felt good.

I think my ideal lifestyle must include several layers: brainy work, interaction with all classes of society: friends (likely brainy and artsy), family, and lower class. Examples would be to live in a city, work at a research company, live in an ethnic neighborhood, and help local businesses.

Getting lazy. I should be going out every morning, not waking up at 12pm. I need to find more things to do.

People have skills. People want to learn. Sharing skills is good. It's the diversity of skills that compose great people.

If you grow up in the projects, some of the smartest people become rappers. It's because their settings influenced them to do so. If they were elsewhere, they'd do something else.

Artists have to consume new things to create new things, or else they'll reference what they consume.

"Hipster by heart, but I can tell you how the streets feel."

I'd never want to work for a business. I want to stay an artist. A local person, not containing the characteristics of a businessman.

Zack saw the beauty in New York, probably because he wasn't out of his apartment much.

Now is the time to ignore the world and work on my own shit. Finish these projects.

6/1
I'm too adaptable for my own good. While living in a city, I want to make games and films. I become a working machine. While travelling right after living in a city, I want to volunteer. While travelling worry-free, I want to open a hostel or cafe. I become overly social. Unable to balance life.

6/2
Today was rather lonely. I woke up late. Went hiking alone. I talked to the hostel folks, mindlessly, without checking the time. I was not really motivated to do something specific. I tried to just live a normal day, but I think the lack of specific motivation is destroying me. I really need to move to a city and begin working again. I need more projects. More responsibilities.

Maybe the point of an artist is to have new experiences and create new experiences.

I've never lived in a way in which I work and play hard. I'm always thinking, creating new direction, without satisfying my body, without letting go.

I need to write observations, not self-improvement thoughts!

It's incredible how different people live in different parts of the world.

In Bhaktapur, Nepal, people don't use computers. Not for work, not for fun. The daily life of a shopkeeper is as so: They go to work, sit at the shop, sell things, then go home. Maybe they play with their smartphone, but most of the time they're just staring out, perhaps chatting with someone nearby for a short period of time. There's a lot of festivals, so they celebrate. On their time off they may sit down in a Durbar Square, watching people, talking to their friends. At home, I imagine they do the normal family things: talk, cook, eat, live. They repeat this. I see no ambition to do anything differently. This is life. They watch TV, seen America, envy Apple devices, but it's far-fetched. Farmers live only 15-30 minutes away, working at nearby rice fields in the Kathmandu Valley, bringing loads of vegetables on their backs, selling it at the market in the city. 30 minutes in another direction, a new generation of kids go to hip venues in Kathmandu. Culture is retained. Festivals and holidays litter a third of a year's calander. Traditional music is played at night by a group of elderly men. Mothers do pooja at nearby temples early in the morning. Young adults hike to a temple in the hills to start the day, providing a panoramic view of the valley. The food has not changed, traditional Newari and Nepali, water buffalo, lentils, and flattened rice. The buildings have not changed, 14th century Malla Kingdom brick, intricately detailed beauties. The people have not changed.

In San Francisco, California, every has a smartphone or computer. It's their work. They use public transportion, bikes, and cars to get around. A typical day at work is at a startup office, a busy cafe, or a competitive restaurant. Marketing relies on the internet. Yelp was made there. People work on computers in the park. Bike around Golden Gate Park. Work 8 or more hours a day, using the max capacity of their brain. They jog and stay healthy so that they can work properly. They're hard-working yet social. They live a young professional life -- locally brewed or import beers, organic vegetables from farms in California, creative dishes from food trucks, a variety of cuisines available, a variety of things to buy, the outdoors not far, art events, skillshares. Many are stuck in buildings doing computer work, luckily, in a more relaxed environment, where it feels like a shared apartment.

In Virginia Beach, Virginia, people work at large companies, then go back home to their family and friends. There's little interaction with new people. Everything is done with family and friends. People complain about life, but are afraid of doing new things. Everyone has a car. Everyone has a house or apartment. Both rarely shared, unless one is going to college. It's a stable life. Few things change here.
--

I need to learn how to allocate my time. Great work, family, friends.

6/3
to life traps in daily motivation text file:
If I wake up later than 10:30AM, it's possible that I am in a depression. I don't have a direction. Something to do. Something to look forward. In order for me to be somewhat normal, I need to have responsibilities -- work, a personal project, family to take care of, friends to help, something. Some reason. It's difficult to maintain self-motivation for personal projects when living alone. Perhaps it's easier when other people are doing it around me though.

I need to be around people who create things daily. I need to work my brain so that I get tired enough to sleep, want to wake up, maintain good health. I live a fast-paced life. I consume and create more than the average. This is okay, as long as I spend more time creating more than consuming.

I adapt to the things around me, so be sure to be around people I envy, as I did in New York. Don't leave this. They are your friends. They are your future.

Some people can create in the middle of nowhere. I fail. Perhaps it's because I am missing the life portion. I need friends and family, a normal routine. Only then can I create.

When travelling, I usually opt for small towns with rich history and culture. I stay until I consume everything. Sight-seeing, such as a view of a mountain, a sunrise, or similar, does not excite me, and I would only do it with other people.

Welp, it seems I have depleted my travel mojo and need to move again. I hope I can make friends and look forward to doing cool projects with them, so that I don't have to move so much.

6/4
Todo lists, although they helped me focus on things that needed to be done, there were many things that did not need to be done. I need to be more careful about following todo lists mindlessly. I need to follow my guts more often.

6/5
It's time to focus on creating great things with great people. Take a little more time to create or join a great group of friends. That's all you need. Go. The rest of the world will manage. You belong working on great things.

6/9
Himal is amazing. He's similar to me: he's liberal, understands people, appreciates lower class people, sees the good in people, is disconnected with people with lower intelligence, enjoys local business, has local connections, eats healthy, lives out of necessity, enjoys within his means, grew up middle class in a village, moved to a city, has lower class friends. He's better than me in many social aspects: he's able to develop and maintain social connections, he has many girlfriends, he shares his feelings, he's calm, he's popular, he's reputed. He's more of a politician. I'm more of an artist or researcher. Yet, we get along so well. I don't know of many people so similar to me.

Is exploring the world as bad as consuming Facebook feed? Is there direction in my exploration?

People who live in small, inconvenient apartments live in them probably because they live out of necessity. They only spend enough time for their apartment to get by. No more. They prioritize other things over comfort.

There's a problem with trying new things: once one has tried something new, one rarely goes back. One needs to create new experiences with old things in order to maintain interest.

Jon is right about game jam games. They're niche. They only appeal to a small audience. It's not worth it if it's not universal. At least great films are universal. Everyone should appreciate Tokyo Story.

I wonder what the psychological effects will take place in Sweta's near future. She will have time to think. Will the traumatic event alter her perception of life? Do people who live such routine lives only change when such events occur?

6/10
I spent way too long at Pashpathinanth. I feel like working with friends. I've lost self-motivation. I hope I don't lose my values I gained during my travels.

During my walk through the slums, I starting thinking about ways to help them. All they require is a little education. Recycle plastic. Wear face masks. Guidance to find a job. They need to be told what to do because they do not have the capacity to learn, or figure out what to do. They could hold normal jobs and live a stable life like everyone else.

People's occupations depends on their locality. My brother and sister work business office jobs because they exist in the suburbs. Sheetal works manages LaQuinta because the opportunity exists.

People in Nepal work in construction, shops, convenience stores, restaurants, labor works, because it's what exists. There are no creative or research heavy jobs here. To do that, one must leave the country.

Perhaps it fits their wants: a job near their family and friends that somewhat fits their personality. Few people go out further to do something different from the local people. Few people move out to do it. Even less do it where they are.

I've recently been thinking that placement is more and more important.
--

Most of the world does trivial work: work at businesses and own businesses. Few people research, innovate, create fine art, teach new things, help others.

For work, I need to balance two things: innovation in art or elsewhere and helping people.

6/11
Rap music is so narrow. Only rapping about black culture. There needs to be rappers from different places. Rappers in Katmandu rapping about how they cremate your body in the Bugmati and get kids from the slums to snatch the jewelry from your remains.

I need to focus on one thing. For now, it's tirts and my personal prototypes. But after that I need one goal. It should not be travel. It should be something great. Start a creative studio. Yes. That's it.

Himal is incredible. He lives a balanced life.

I'm still putting zero hours in work during the day-time. This is not good. I shouldn't be blaming the inconveniences of Asia.

6/12
Perhaps making a game with Jon, Josh, and the team brought me back to my New York state of mind.

Avoid doing one thing. Balance life.

It seems difficult to avoid the world and work. I fight to keep myself near life, watching socially realistic movies, placing myself in the public or in developing countries, yet I still want to work too.

*I think a major problem in my past creative endevors is that I wanted to complete projects as fast as possible. That's not the way to do it. In order to complete a large project, one must live a balanced life, not prioritizing work over life.

*Drinking with Himal and his brothers felt good. It's nice to not think so deeply about things. Let things go. Somewhat. I'm too serious. Not social enough. Overthinking. This feels fucking good. It also helps me zone into work.

6/18
*In order to balance life one must learn to manage time. Don't rush people. Spend time with people, yet know when to work. It's the constant management of time that matters. Too many hours wasted away meaninglessly through pack-rat habits, droning, and over-working. One must be healthy to manage time correctly.

6/19
*Now, I have to fight to think about higher design. Don't zone into work so much that you are not thinking of creative solutions.

I focus on the things around me too easily. It's sometimes difficult to think before doing. Pack-rat characteristics prop up.

?, day 2, India (not sure of actual date):
I’m transforming back into my lifeless, yet intelligent self. I’ve been thinking about where to place myself. I’m done traveling. The priority is to work on highly intelligent work with grand people. The field does not matter. Should art be involved in the paying job? It’s rare that fine or good art is paid, I’d have to find or create a great studio. This leaves me to research-oriented jobs — CERN, Western Schools, science, technology, health, education, etc. I think a good lifestyle ay be the following: live in a city where I can have great friends to work and live with, a city with great works — research, art, politics, etc., work a day job for innovative research, forefront of technology, spend free time working with friends, and living with friends.

During my travels and time in New York and San Francisco, I’d rush life, working and traveling, following my self-motivation. This was a great experience. But I think I need to spend more time thinking. Thinking before working. Ask myself, is your current work grand? Great, as in world-class art or science or politics or whatever? If not, stop, think about it, make a decision, then proceed in the right direction.

?:
I lose interest in the world and seek fine art, because it is new.

Design — comfort spectrum.

6/20
Music is a powerful psychological device that can block thoughts to help focus. It should only be used for this purpose for dire needs, otherwise, it's likely better to not use it and think. It's easy to forget about the world while listening.

to life traps:
*Being in a house, I consume the things around me: things inside the house. The internet is a way to consume within the house. I begin my over-organizational and pack-rat behavior. I need to get out of the house ASAP. This is not healthy.

I now remember my past and the time I wasted, over-organizing, "working", always doing something, occupying myself, without thinking or designing. Tying shoe laces to shoes, I realize how worthless it is to do such chores. Leave the time for small things to others. I have to allocate my time into great things.

*Having responsibilities, having people around, helps keep track of time. Without these, sense of time is lost. I need to find people that I interact with on a daily basis.

6/21
*I am now aiming for an unidirectional life. No single thing to look forward to. Just life itself. Look forward to breakfast, walking outside, living tomorrow. Sleep and wake up early to repeat it. Live by the hour, but don't think of progress toward a single thing.

Today I wasted a lot of time. I felt like running or biking and exploring. I could have simply jumped in place to alleviate that feeling. I could have jogged around the neighborhood. Instead, I over-planned, wasting hours.

It's tough to work on something without a deadline. Deadlines are needed.

*Perhaps my problem is the inability to balance time.

*Some smart people settle, having responsibilities, unable to reach their potential. Their great people, helping the community out. Is it more valuable to be a great community person or a more specific career?

The day felt too short. I woke up at 12 and left the house at 3:30.

I've been thinking a lot while working. Especially without music. It's difficult to do such minute work now. Why spend time on something as small as programming bugs? I'm always thinking of the big picture. Which is great.

?
old, possibly dated in Taiwan or at home before the trip:
I enjoy living in a new place. I work, but I can travel very easily as everything around me is new.

I enjoy living alone in a city. I go to work, come back, then the world is mine. I do what I want to. Make a game, film, apply to another company, take the bus, metro, go to events, 
take a trip outdoors, anything. I must live in cities.

?
old, in Hualien with that CouchSurfer:
exhibit of a filmmaker who recently passed away:
  - he created drawings of places he travelled.
  - should take pictures of placees, moments of interest
  - a location, scene storyboard-like feeling
  - can look back at it at a later time, think about it, create something from it


?
old, but newer than the last found thoughts, possibly before Bangkok:
is it possible to work and travel?
  - like Vincent Moon, research using the internet, contact media companies, join a project, go the city, do the project, repeat

6/23
You have to place yourself in a place that will keep you active, filled with friends in daily interaction, living by the hour, thinking about high design, balancing life -- social, design, work, family.

The suburbs fail to ill these requirements due to urban planning -- large neighborhoods and cars. However, with family and friends, one could settle in a suburb. Cities also have more opportunities, things to do, to inspire to create.

Move to a city soon Make friends. Make stuff. Live on. Travel, cook, eat out, create, volunteer, don't over work on one thing, live a balanced life. It's okay if projects take time. Is it? No. Use deadlines.

Aim for Babycastle life. Extremely active. Tons of projects. Great social life. Great value. It's the most balanced my life has been. Second most balanced was in Taiwan at JV's hostel.

Do stuff all of the time. Don't stop.
--

As an intelligent person, I should be able to risk, and create my own studio or business. Lead a few good friends into a venture. It should be fun. Few sacrifices. Better than a technical or research job.

How?
Talk to people. Show intention. Calmly go through. Let friends carry motivation.

Goal:
A small group of diverse friends that enjoy creating things. Make friends and begin something: a game, a film, fund it via crowdsourcing. Funamena. Babycastles. Zack's group.

Have to gauge the city by the number of quality people I meet.

part-time gigs -- film, game, education, etc. Run around the city as much as possible. Start projects with people. No personal projects. Attract people with what I already have.

6/24
Woke up at 3pm. Feels great. Got enough sleep. I feel that this [making games alone] is an unhealthy life style. It doesn't have enough social interaction or exploration. I need to keep exploring, stay outside, work outside, with local people. I spent too much time on the computer working. I could be meeting people, exploring towns, working with people.

Humans can work many hours per week, but it is not needed. Just a few quality hours with quality people.

In order to think of others, new or different things, one must surround theirself with new things. Staying alone at home is selfish.

You have to spend time outside, traveling-like, to meet people, see the world, inspire new ideas.

Be outside as much as possible. In India this is difficult due to the heat, lack of scooter, air conditioned libraries or cafes, and technological work.

There's a lot of companies in cities that fall into the competitive business, extreme lifestyle for profit, tossing out values. I didn't join game companies in SF or that one internship in NY because their values sucked. There's probably so many cool opportunities in Tokyo, Hong Kong, and maybe Taiwan that I value.

Stay in India for one month (4 weeks). One week is over. You have to choose one idea at a time, and stick with it until it is complete. You chose to finish games so do it. But what if things aren't right? It doesn't feel right. Then move on.

****It's unhealthy to work on one thing for a long period of time. Balance multiple projects. You should feel like you are doing work because you are constantly and actively thinking about design.

Remind yourself of how active you were living in cities and traveling. Life should be that exciting. Catch yourself when you slow down and calmly recover.

Transforming from a travel machine to a work machine. It does not feel right. I must fight to live, to balance life, make games with farmers that sell vegetables at night. Consume locally, not global media.

I have to learn to lead, yet, it is so much easier with a friend, just one. Lead Asia in creativity.

6/25
I'm going to watch a movie. I feel like I am about to give up on life, watching a movie. Instead of living, talking to people, moving around, the film is going to move for me. This is wrong. I need to go out, before I become my old lonely self.

Actually, a movie can be good at a time when you feel like consuming something but do not feel like moving i.e. sickness or stomach problems. While living and traveling abroad, when I got this feeling, I ached for public transportation. A bus, a scooter, someone to take me for a ride so that I don't have to think about planning.

Films are fast. It's a very fast form of consumption. Of life. I can see why I used to while I was working in New York.

The problem with films is that it is a one-way medium. There is no interaction from the user. Games are superior for this reason.

After Life is great. It's deep conversation and observation of people. Of their lives. Of life.
--

Looking at art organizations in East Asian cities, I feel indifferent. They are not social enough. They only attract an intelligent crowd, blabbing about their interests. It lacks communication with the rest of the world. I need to remember my travels. I need to work with people locally. All people.

I also feel more inclined to work in commercial media. As it has a larger audience. Or any other field: health, education, etc.

—
from paper:
Morning depression. It occurs when one does not get out of the house in the morning. Most people walk, jog, exercise, commute. I like to explore. Without satisfying this psychological need, one can become depressed, especially when living alone. Over-think what t odo or where to go. One should just go, get out of the house. Cities are nice as one does not have to walk far to encounter people [an experience]. Asia works well too, with its scooters. The suburbs can be troublesome, as there are few public spaces to go to.

As soon as I went outside the house, into the the light, I felt better. Light is important.

Local projects.

Today I wasted away. Not enough local interaction. The problem of being a lone independent gamer emerges: I crumb when I am working alone. It is the same problem encountered when Jon was here. We were deprived of friends. So we abounded the game idea and created a game workshop.

I do not think today was a waste. It’s progress. Thinking about what I want to do next.

HK -> Seoul -> Tokyo -> Taiwan

HK:
two weeks, couch surf with artists, see contemporary art, take on a small project

Seoul:
two weeks

Tokyo:
indefinite couch surf artists, get apartment, find people, take jobs, possible? try hard. You have no money and therefore no time.

Taiwan:
fall back.

You know research does not work. You have to network locally. Find great people. Higher education, art, communities.

Research jobs, festivals, films, games, fine arts, design (film, game, interactive) studios.
Attend global game jam, meet ups, art organizations, events, festivals.

Lower education or higher education?

Profit monger -> Start design agency.

It is up to me to create an indie game community, to attract people, create a game jam, create a film jam.

6/26
If I live in an east Asian country, I would have to create my own Babycastles. Like Rajiv, I'd have to struggle to create a community. Be a leader.

I feel that people, smart people, create communities. Lead communities. Become an inspiration for the people around them. these smart people, creative class, use local resources -- Babycastles use nearby universities, venues, volunteers. Dhananjay uses local people, friends, and family to market his products, help people by connecting them to to other people. Smart people nurture good people.

I have to start a design studio, with at least one person. An artist with more specialized talent than me. I just run the business, and work when it is indeed. I design, constantly thinking about the big picture.

How?:
Don't worry about how. Just do it.
Find people, money, go! Do't overwork.
Meet and talk to people. Build a community. Start projects.
Make as many startups as you can. Projects are key. Not full-time work.
Ask people I admire for advice.
Startup dating? No. Friends that I meet.

I want to place myself in a place which requires significant design and responsibility.

The studio should be extremely flexible and creative, taking on film, education, travel, technology, society, and anything else of interest.

6/27
Going back to my introverted loner self. Too much time spent alone. Waking up late. Losing track of time. Time management is my largest problem in life. I'm failing to create deadlines for personal projects. I'm failing to manage time with people. I need to always be around people in daily life. *I've been alone my entire life.* To spend time with others, my daily clock needs to be in sync with them.

Another problem of my past is that I created todo lists and idd them, using them as a gauge for progress. Thinking back, most of the todo lists were just things I wanted to do, as opposed to needed. It was too directional. I should have spent more time with people, or wandering around.

How can I choose the next city I want to live in? I can live in any city. What factors are there? Why Tokyo over Taiwan? Because I like Taiwanese people and I am fearful that I may not get along with Japanese people as well. Also, I like that Taipei is not as developed. It allows me to live in an undeveloped atmosphere with friends.

*Was the feeling of safety in Taiwan because I was traveling or because of the people? I felt safe in New York and even more so in San Francisco. It's perception. If I am less social, then I feel less safe. It's psychological. One shouldn't be afraid of talking to sketchy Black Americans. They're local people, like the local people of any country.

*I adapt to my surroundings. When I live in a city, I over-work. When I live in a village, I just live. When I live in the suburbs, I am bored.

I usually have trouble living in a village for a long period of time because I often want to spend more time working, but do not have enough. It's also tough to be the only one working.

*When I travel, I consume. I go outside everyday, go to places, meet people, eat outside. It forces me to be social. It's my "job" to be social. I need to make travel a part of my daily routine.

*In order for me to avoid laziness, I need to look forward to something. I need to learn to  stop looking forward to work, and start looking forward to life. Wandering around, living, should be enough reason to wake up.

6/28
Stayed up late last night. Toke up late. Don't feel like consuming, or talking. Lack of sleep? Lack of sunlight? During the past days in Baroda, I fared well, waking up at 10AM - 1PM. Still, I should aim to wake up early, go out early, out and into the sunlight.

The problem is that I am in a house making things alone, I have to work with other people, or create a way for me to interact with people daily. My work is limited to people in the city.

6/29
Another problem is that I over-plan. Instead of simply going out, living, I research something to do, when I would have been satisfied consuming anything. Consume life, not specific things.

In a depression already. Don't feel like going out or working, looking forward only to the next move, unable to just live life.

Yep, I walked outside looking down, in thought, most of the way. The transition from feeling on top of the world to depression was quick.

Now that I am in depression, I've lost interesting in life. Living in India. It's sad. I want to enjoy a normal life. I'm trying to avoid going back to my former recluse state in which I only consume one arts as opposed to daily life. It's not right. I have to fight for it. I have to keep consuming or creating. When an artist is stuck in one place, they create.

Design is done during the day when the brain is working. Work is done at night.

I need to create some deadlines.

at Vivek's ring ceremony:
It was odd. I wasn't excited to go as I was still kinda in depression, but I didn't mind spending the time there. It was just a few hours. The whole event felt really bland. It was no different than the Indian events I attended as a child. I should have tried talking to people, but I just did not care so much, except for two kids that seemed kinda smart. The rest just felt like the normal middle to upper class indians. Did I lose my social travel values already?

It was interesting to see how rushed the waiter team was working. How business-minded people were running around with their cell phones. How families come and go, unchanged after the night.
--

Getting too comfortable. Too lazy. Not outside for enough time. Not seeing people, meeting people, living. Not thinking quickly. Turning back into my old self. I've got to avoid this somehow. Perhaps making games in India again was a bad idea again. Or maybe I just need some sleep.

6/30
morning in the room:
Going into depression. Disliking how Gujarati people group and worry. Need to maintain self-optimism. Need friends? Need to surround myself with people.

I become serious when I am alone.

Need cafe culture to work on a computer?
--

Traveling calms me down. If I ever get anxious, just take a break. Free your mind completely from work. Live.

6/?
thought about time management:
It's difficult. To work, on must ignore everything. To live, one must care for everything. To design, one must ignore everything including work.

7/1
*Morning, in my room, this is how I battle depression: with thoughts!:
Slept at 10pm. Woke up at 10:30AM by alarm. Two signs of depression: not wanting to work and not wanting to wake up. Nothing to look forward to?

I can't be alone. I need people around me constantly, unless I have some goal in mind to reach badly. There's so much life outside this house. India is outside this house.

I should be fighting for time, not wasting it.

Social activity at a low point.

My life is where the work is. Where my friends are. Without both, I break down. Go. Go toward work. Now is the time.

Travel is a temporary remedy.

Move to a city. Join and create as many local projects as you can.

Why do I feel trapped? I'm trapping myself by making a game alone. I need a social life. I enjoy mixing work and social life.

Your life is ahead of you. You chose to live in an east Asian city. That is your current direction. Nothing else satisfies you.

I was so full of life a few days ago. Now I am nothing.

Perhaps it is when I choose an unsocial direction that I go into depression. travel is social. Working with people is social. Working alone is not.

Don't force yourself to work as you did in the past. Solve the problem first.

I need my artist friends, and things to do, everyday. Responsibilities.

Why work alone when so much more can be done with people?

Work locally.

Local projects.
--

Goals in the next city:
***Live as much as you can. Go out everyday. Do 10 things per day. Balance life. Have a girlfriends. Make close friends. Make art. Lead people. Make events. Start a company. Travel. buy a scooter and a bicycle. Learn the language. Play a sport. Cook. Live with a diverse group of people. Work with a diverse group of people. Work outside, every time. Make artists friends to start projects and eventually start a studio.

Avoid taking a job that places me in front of a compute for a long period of time or a job that secludes me to an office, unless the office is full of people I love.

Aim for a job that places me in a strategic yet social position. A designer, project manager, art director, NGO.

A job that places me outside, allowing me to travel frequently.

Writer, photographer, event manager, videographer, film-maker, design jobs with social life during development. Pick up as many design jobs as possible! Quality people.

How to choose?:
Go. Do i like the people? Is there a scene? Are people, even a small group willing to create one?

7/2
Travel is what taught me how to live. After traveling, I didn't feel like immediately working every day. I felt like eating out, walking around for hours, spending time with people, working only in public places for a certain amount of time, being more open to life activities: playing games, meeting people, talking.

I must learn to integrate work into life. I must avoid becoming a work machine or travel machine. I must learn to be excited about life.

My consumption and excitement is at a low point.

Surround yourself with people. Roommates, neighbors, artist friends, family.

*I used to commute to workplaces. The commutes served as the bare minimum for morning travel and thinking. I lived just enough to work. I exercised quickly. I ate quickly. I'd sometimes go to specific events, to explore. I watched movies at night to replace life at night. I didn't spend enough time talking to people after events. I didn't keep contact with people. It was just me, narrow-minded me. I was too closed.

7/3
I've transformed back into my unexcited unsocial self again. It's because I am neither traveling nor working with people. I can't do my work outside because of the lack of cafe culture. I'm not active because I chose a different direction and that is all I can think of. I'm in a transition phase. I feel like there's nothing to defeat this.

I'm thinking in terms of needs instead of wants. I need to go to the ATM rather than I want to go to the city.

During the end of my stays in San Francisco and New York, I went out everyday to somewhere new because I did not travel during my stay there, and probably because it created a deadline. I made every one of those days count. Deadlines are needed in life, to make it exciting.

Currently, my consumption is low, my brain is not being used, I can work, but not design, I need to be outside, living life, to design.

*It's my inability to create deadlines for myself that I fail to complete projects.

*When one travels, or watches a film, the mind focuses on something away form the things inside the house, away from the minor things to do, the mind is able to focus on what's important.


7/?
No todo list, no staying in a room at home, no work that forces me to be alone
go out, figure it out, something new everyday.

7/4
Today I woke up at 1pm and just lived a normal day with Bharatbhai's family. Lazy. Working. No thought. No design. No brainpower. Just going through todo lists.

Life is no fun anywhere in the world if you are in depression.

7/5
to traps:
During a depression, it becomes difficult to get out of bed. Life passes by without excitement. The solution is to just get up and go outside, wander, direction is not needed. Life isn't about doing something specific, it's about living. Wake up without the thought of what to do. Following to do lists is not creative, even if you created them. You have to constantly think. *Do as much as you can in an hour, yet when don't have something you want to do, remember, that it is okay to do nothing: sit, think, write, wander. Don't become anxious or angry at the passing time.

You have to somehow force yourself to wake up early, without reason. Learn to manage time. Work is not the same as time.

*Your narrowness in direction is destroying your life. You have to live normally at any time and place, create new directions. When you went home, after living in a city, all you could think about was the work you had planned to do -- making games and planning the next move --, but you forgot to live a normal daily life with the people around you. You have to live, be open, allow plans to change. I gauged my progress based on initial goals. If I were open, I could have spent time with my family and friends, met people, picked up a gig, and still get the same amount of work done or even greater, because I am not forcing myself to work.

Create a new to do list everyday, forget past to dos.
--

Spent most of the day living without a todo list. I sat and thought about how to battle depression, walked outside and bought yogurt, ate three mangos, sat outside. No forcing myself to work, just living by feeling. That's how it should be. Don't worry about what to do, it will come while living

People that gossip about meaningless things do so because they only know the things around them. They don't travel. They don't view media as a scope to the world. Their life is limited to their small area. They don't think about anything outside of it.

7/6
Morning in bed:
I chose a direction that leads to depression. I chose to go to India to make games alone. It doesn't work because I don't have anything to look forward to, or, I lost my self-motivation to make games. I was unable to follow through with deadlines. A bad choice.

Go somewhere every morning. Don't ever immediately work.

Went to Lala Uncle's house to eat dinner. His son and daughter and their fiancee and fiancee are all nice people. They have a nice family. They're good people. They have good taste. But when they gossip, they gossip about things that only apply to upper class lifestyle. How their college roommates from Delhi were dirty. How crazy traffic is and it is only safe to drive a car. Comfortizing their house and life. It's too insular to me.

Nidhi's fiance is exceptional. He's like Jeson. He's able to tell stories well. He's always happy. Social. Gets along with everybody. Can live a college lifestyle. Rides a motorcycle. But he's the only one in the otherwise conservative family.

7/7
Spent most of the day riding with Dhananjay:
When one travels, the world becomes small and all worries and small things disappear.

Travel is needed, if possible, in daily life.

Although travel feels great and is needed in life, it is directionless. One needs direction for great endeveors. Some research is needed. Just don't overdo it.
--

If you live with people long enough, you become comfortable, less alert. Perhaps that's why artists don't live with their families.

7/9
Talked to Sweta for an hour:
It was nice to share the discovery of life, away from work.

She mentioned Ashish, who was born and raised in Kenya, went to school in VCU, worked in NYC, and is now going back to Kenya to live and work, and to see his family.

I don't even feel like working today. Not without people around me. I'd rather sleep early.

Being in a house on the computer is depressing. It's so far from life.

I need to embark on adventures, not worry about the future.

I can't wait to live again.

while recording thoughts from paper to text file:
In the past, I was good at forcing myself to work. I put on music, did the work, thoughtless, meaningless. I was happy at the time. I think. For a moment. Maybe. I did the work during late nights as it didn't requirement any brainpower. Now, I wouldn't force myself to do any work I don't feel is meaningful.

Everyday should be an adventure. Make everyday an adventure

Media is powerful. It can make one feel emotional. It can suppress the outside world.

Listening to this Youth Lagoon feels so good. Perhaps media is okay. When you cannot live, when the world is asleep, media can be used.

7/9
Sick most of the day due to bad street bourji. I'd hate to be bed sick as it's similar to being stuck in a house or office, holding one away from life.

I'm spending far too much time researching as opposed to doing. That is why travel feels great. You research less and do more. You only do what is necessary.

about next move:
What are my goals while traveling east Asia?
Get an overall feel of the city. Local people, local artists, culture, mentality.
Make great friends. Be open to all occupations.
Explore. By myself and with others. Meet people everywhere.
Try to integrate into the art scene.

By the time I have been to Tokyo for two weeks, I should be able to make a decision.

Should I work a full-time job to pay off debt or continue boldly by simply meeting people and joining local projects?
Meet people and join local projects. The quality of work and people is most important.

What are my goals living in east Asia?
Make great friends. Smart people.
Live, as you did while traveling. Make local friends, cook, tend to friends, treat them like family.
Make great work, professional and personal.
Start a company or business.
Learn the language.
Give back to society. Start a NGO.


next morning:
People in developing countries live life. People in developed countries work, living life through media.

7/10
?

7/11
I’ve been in the house for too many hours. I always compare to how much life I lied in Nepal and Darjeeling. I need to be outside the house for as many hours as possible. I need to live for the first hour of the day, like Vidya, take a hike to a temple. I’m not as alert as I was before. My work is at the house, and it is killing me. I need to be like Fred. Live several lives per day. I have to keep walking and talking around town. Keep consuming, meeting people, and working.

To daily manifesto:
As long as people are awake, spend time with people, not media. time flies when you are alone.

Perhaps I belong in a city, working. I can’t live elsewhere because there is no work mentality. The people outside cities would just stare at me running. In cities I get along with others, working, happily.

7/12
*Don’t turn into your old research-history self. Just live. Don’t be so directional. One can learn from everything. Spend more time doing, living.

Consuming life is far greater than consuming media at home So much more is learned. There is no point in reading a language book, a computer science manual, etc. The only way I learn is by doing, because I am motivated to. That is why school did not work. It was too impractical.

continued on another paper:
Perhaps I chose the wrong direction, or I should have moved on immediately. [shouldn’t have chosen to stop at a house]

The towns in Nepal and Darjeeling are easy to explore and social. They’re small with tons of cafes, nice surroundings, and cool weather. I also live in the city, so I go out more, build routine with local shops, do everything outside — eat, laundry, internet cafe, tea, and work. In Baroda, I do everything inside. That’s the difference. I need to live outside. Or, perhaps, In red to live with people [that I want to partake in activities with].

? (maybe 7/12, but no date):
Travel feels great because one is constantly consuming and creating new things. Consuming culture, conversation with people, food, places, sights, meeting people. Creating new things to do, choosing a destination, a direction, and reaching it. This cycle is satisfying. I do what I want, and am open to new direction. That is how life should be. Have a goal, but be open to misdirection.
—

? (same paper, maybe 7/12, but no date):
The resolution, permanent resolution to my depression is to have great friends, ones that live active lives, and to know everybody around me, as Himal does.

The only time I have bad thoughts is when I am alone. The only time I lose confidence is when I am alone. when I am with people, in the public, after watching a movie, listening to music, optimism resurfaces.
—

different paper:
Still thinking about why my time in Nepal and Darjeeling felt so great compared to Baroda. In those areas I spent my first six to eight hours outside. I talked to the hostel owners, travelers, local people, and was more open to talk to people, to meet people. I planned to go out somewhere once a day. I still wake up late, but it was okay. I spent every sunlight hour under it. Even at night in Darjeeling, I’d spend an hour or two at a bar because I wanted to be with people. It felt good. I did my work at night.

In baroda, I lost my activity, motivation to do things very early. I could go to Mt. Abu, or other surrounding areas. I could meet people. I could be outside, although, I can’t work on a laptop outside because it is too hot, and the cafes are expensive, and just not very local. I could see farms, learn to farm, do some yoga, eat at local gujarati thali places, explore the city, explore the surroundings, making one day trip per day, but I didn’t. I was too focused on work, my next direction, that I lived less, not seizing the moment. Stuck at the house doing meaningless things.

7/13
Dhananjay said he doesn't want to own a business because it would 'cause tension. He is quite relaxed, energetic, and worry-free. Dhananjay also said that when he needed an operation, his friends were there to give fresh blood. One should have friends like that.

In movies, families reunite because something bad happened. This is a time when they realized their work is not as important as life. This is what I feel is what happened when Sweta was injured.

Instead of keeping myself busy with just projects, I should keep myself busy with life and projects. I need both, and I need to balance both. Only then do I feel I am doing something. Then, time goes slow.

? (from sometime in India):
much of helping developing countries involves teaching basic safety. This can be accomplished through mass media. Campaigns. Government-sponsored. Use media icons. It seems easy to lead a developing country. Simple lifestyle changes should become popularized: face masks, washing hands, non-oily foods, etc. the societal standards must change.

Placement is important. Place oneself around smart futurists, yet also place oneself around people of need. Leverage technology to help people. Innovate here. Mobile applications for health, society, education; Rehabilitation and recovery games.

current move:
technology and health
  - Google related organizations and research universities
  - Digital tools for health and humanity
  - stable money, high value
  - close to lower class / needed people
  - contact people in Tokyo, Taiwan, and maybe Hong Kong

? (from sometime in India):
The effects of heat: stop from working, difficult breathing, loss of appetite.

Life is a balance of design and work and social. Design is work!

When working mode, I give up time so easily, not actively thinking why, just working.

Allocate time by the hour. Limit yourself!

Alternate work and life. Don’t be extreme and do only one thing. [Or do both simultaneously?]

Still go by feeling, no routine, just a guide.

Most people work without thinking, use music to aid, exercise, stay healthy, but the time they allocate most to is work, which is unfortunate, unless the work contains something they value.

As long as you are working on things you love, with people you love, you’re okay. Leave helping others to other people?

No point of working alone, too unstable, need friends.

Incorporate all people; Don’t forget your travels.

Be careful with use of music.

When you reach a new place, don’t travel so much. Try to work immediately, save travel for free time, or while living / working. I doubt I will travel. I didn’t in SF and NY.

a series of smaller papers:
?:
FINISH YOUR GAMES, THIS IS YOUR DREAM, DO THE WORK, STOP BEING LAZY, but also be social?, 90% OF THE TIME.

Then artist residency in East Asia, or create a studio.

Figure out what’s wrong then blog it.

I miss people who live in cities. The conversations. Work, consume, live. Lost motivation. when I am with people, I feel invincible. Babycastles, Jon.

?:
My life’s dilemma:
I want to create stuff, I need to be around people to create stuff. Fine art holds me over.

Jon is able to live a stable life with anyone, calmly. I become anxious if I am not progressing in a way I want to.

I need to learn to be creative when in company with others. Learn to take time to think about work in the middle of a party.

Design before work. Take time to think things through. but don’t over design. Need some impulse.

Be open to going out with people, track time, work balance.

Illustrator with tablet, add pictures to blog, essays on sociology, opinions, travel tips, taiwanese people, observations, personal travels, personal history.


7/19
"Having fun is the ultimate goal in my life! Have fun in school, have fun in work, have fun with the ones i love, have fun on earth or even in the space! There's no TAKE2 for our life, so why not have fun and laugh out loud?!=]" - Wai Wan

"When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead." - Karly AY

8/1
Found old thought, possible from 2/12/13

Plan a film, don't make some crummy student film. That's the problem with film, it requires a lot of planning, very little doing.

Film is a slower process. That's all. Be patient and think it through. Can easily do other things whilst filming.

I was really in a slump. Wow. I am now creating new thoughts and am generally more happy everyday. I need to be careful and detect that I am over researching or not exercising orn or getting enough sleep. It shows in the pace that I walk, the pace of my mind. The lack of enjoyment listening to music and media in general. An overall lack of enjoyment. Bad posture.

What causes a slump? Not being motivated for an idea? Working on things I don't care about? Carb diet?

Need an idea to chase next.

8/3
"Instead of taking boredom and lack of stimulation and turning them into learning and creativity, I turned toward passive consumption and social retreat."

8/4
We definitely believe that if you have a dream, you can do it, Ms. Needham said. I think a lot of people who live abroad start seeing another perspective where they realize, oh wow, I'm living outside of my social expectations. I don't feel those pressures anymore. I can do what I want to do.

8/30/13
You don’t always need a job or money. More money can be found via programming contract. Just stay active, learning, making, designing, that’s what’s most important. Create your own job. Money is meaningless.

8/31/13
After talking with Jae Ho about genetics vs environment:
I’m losing track of time. No goals. Just work. No social life. No excitement. The problems is that I have no current direction. I treat my work without deadline. It’s wrong. Things need to be done. The things just have to be designed well.

There are so many Mandarin / English speakers. What chance do I have?

Nah, travel. Regain excitement. Make friends. Have fun!

Perhaps media is a way for introverts to be social.

9/2
Lost ambition. Have not been outside, or felt like I have, for days. No consumption. All work. No life. No care for others. I’m losing it. Being passive instead of actively doing things. It only takes two days for make a film or game! Don’t do anything longer, yet. Chungking Express was made in two months. Passion, activity, is all that is needed. Never slouch. Stay outside.

?/? - not sure about date at all
Travel inspires criticism of society, especially when going from undeveloped to developed countries, because the differences are highlighted, temporarily.

9/4
Movies effected me before because I was always concentrating. Using my mind to the max, without letting go. It makes movies more powerful. No more coffee.

Movies don’t feel as real as life anymore. When I watch a movie now, I’m unable to concentrate on it, because real life diverts my attention. I’ve become ADD without direction. I need it. I’m not currently and active view(?).

There’s no struggle in Korea. There’s no visible struggle. Or, I’ve just lost sight of everyday life. I’m care-free, at a point without feeling. I dislike it. Feel lazy. I need to strive.

9/4
Time. One could spend a lifetime in a single place. One could spend a lifetime thinking about the same thing. One could spend a lifetime about doing something.

Or, it could be done in an hour.

How does one justify time?

Braid took three and a half years to make. Babycastles can throw an event together in a few days. Which has a larger impact? Braid, because it's instilled on a medium which can reach a large audience. Performances only effect the people nearby. If I weren't in New York, I wouldn't know about Babycastles. That would have been a shame.

Values change.

When I was in the U.S. I justified time for fine art. When I was traveling, I justified time for travel and with strangers. When I was India, I valued my time with people. When I was in Hong Kong and Seoul, I justified time with certain people.

How can one evaluate time in their life?




9/5
I’ve lost interest in the world (Seoul) outside. I’m not consuming it anymore. Still, I should walk in the sun everyday hike in the morning, jog in the afternoon or evening. Keep your head up and eyes peeled.

I’m taking everything around me for granted, and I don’t like it. I’m exploring less. I need reason to explore — finding like-minded people, photography, etc. Otherwise, what’s the point? It feels good being outside, living outside. I still need to retain social connections, think about friends.

I should be spending less money and working toward my interests and socializing instead. I’m turning toward fine art. I should care about the world.

cont:
Travel was inspiring. I wanted to film everything, everyone.

After reading the Schizoid wiki:
I feel that the only way for me to stay social, active, is to take a job that is social, hence, Humans and Vincent Moon. I need reason to be with people, other than just chatting. Occupationally social.

I  need to retain care with people. In less developed countries I cared for the world. In developed countries, I lose that.

Fuck this life.

Travel keeps me excited, social, learning, fun. Once I stop, I lose these characteristics and become a serious, introverted person, working on unknown things, wasting time as time can only be measure by social activity.

In HK and Seoul, I was at a social apex. Little language barrier, like-minded people, exploring people at the hostel and outside. I’ve lost interest. Caffiene? New direction? Whatever. I need to focus on my direction again. That’s what really keeps me going. Maybe. Fuck it. Play music. Create a meet up.

9/5
SPD and Travel
  - how it's exciting, social, fun, extroverted, but temporary because I eventually push people away, then move on. A schizoid nomad.

People are only a call away. Why do I ever feel lonely? Just call someone! Hey, let's eat is all.

I need to be with people to get shit done. I'm too relaxed when I am alone. I have no sense of time in the suburbs. I need to be around people rushing, all of the time.

Keep consuming. Play a TV episode all the time.

It's too quiet alone. I'm not consuming enough. I'm not learning.

==
This is the first day I felt absolutely lonely. I did nothing. In the morning I decided which Mandarin school to go to and at night I wandered around Hongdae. Then I took a nap. What a terribly uninspired time.

Everything should be done with people, for people. Never eat alone. That's a missed social opportunity.

Confidence sometimes depends on how social I am.

Talking is the fastest method of communication.

There is no interaction in programming. It's one-way work. One has to do something interactive simultaneously to make up for this.

9/6
There no interaction in e-mail. It's one way communication. It's not fast enough.

9/31/13
Woke up at 11AM, not much thoughts, but slowly doing things without worry. No motivation, but no tension either, just do what you can. I do need more energy though, like Ching.

After travel, after exploring everything, I often stop exploring, and I fail to explore creativity and people. All one needs is the sun, people, and a few friends. I need to push myself into a learning environment, or just maintain a healthy life with the right people. In Korea I befriended Chan, MJ, Jae, and Song, and a lot of the KimChee staff. They’re all good people. Should I seek smarter peers? Why do I always rely on the people around me? Why did I fail in India? Lack of structure? Lack of routine? Too much outside to explore.

*I’ve spent too much time alone recently. I need people yet I don’t know how to retain a relationship. Stay social. Work at night. It’s the only way to think clearly.

No more lonely work dammit. Work and be with people all of the time.

Just go outside! Why do you do this every morning!? You must be with people immediately in the public!

9/19/13
No breakfast or shower in the morning, just go out, nearby people, plan day.

9/20
I waste an entire day, wandering. Why do I do this? Why do I not keep in contact with old friends? Why do I not use technology? Why do I consume what's around me?

Japan ruins me. I can't talk on the subway. It makes me less social. I make less interactions. I become less social.

I watch Cowboy Bebop without thought. It's good. Every scene is thought of. It's of high quality, yet, I feel like it's still not novel. It's just an action movie. The tension doesn't suck me in. I start a Kim Ki Duk film.

during film:
A few minutes into Kim Ki Duk's Samaria and I feel the film outdoes the entirety of Cowboy Bebop. Time passes slow. It's the realism. Girls takes cell phone pictures and go into photo booths, jjimjibangs, child prostitution, suicide. Raw life, culture. I don't even feel tension. I know it all exists, yet it's enthralling enough for me to continue, glued to the screen.

I should incorporate my travels, my knowledge of contemporary society into my films.

There was no point in seeking art organizations abroad. It was a waste of time. I could have spent so much more time with the people around me. I didn't have to move around alone, consuming with my eyes. I could have created so many more experiences, with people.

Okay, maybe Kim Ki Duk's films are, uh, special. They start with realism, but then just destroy film norms. I don't know how to even react. WTF.

after film:
I have so much ambition, yet I am crippled by my schizoid personality. I can't even complete a project alone; How can I manage a film?

In Taiwan, I need to prove to myself that I can make a film. I have to do it myself. I have to maintain motivation. It's all up to me. I will have to learn to not push people away. I have to learn more. Everything can be done in Taiwan. There is nothing to stop me.   Fuck life. Make stuff.

Films and travel build tension. Make me see the grandeur. It's not all there is to life. Life doesn't always have this much tension, yet, it's what I want. It's what I enjoy the most.

I'm a sucker for tension, adrenaline.

My thoughts are back. My direction is back. But is it okay?

How can one film have so much life put into it? Why do I need this? Why can't I have it in real life?

Films and SPD.

The moment I'm not feeling so great in life, in Tokyo, I watch a film.

Does Kim Ki Duk have similar problems?


9/21
Another useless day. I was tired in the morning, directionless. I finally chose a direction, but it was late, like usual. My heart yearns for more but I am unable to feed it.

It's difficult to adjust to the future. To forget about the people around the world. To focus on innovation. I can't. I love people too much. I care too much. My heart pounds wildly now. The people I met at the hostel doesn't cure the my increased heartbeat. Must I use fine art? I need to do more. A lot more. Too much consumption. Consuming fine art. Innovation or a love for people. Art or innovation?

There was a lot of time today in Japanese subways where I wanted to use my cell phone, technology, to contact people, to not be alone. I failed to talk to the people around me. I had a social hunger, which may have been fulfilled by the use of smartphone.

A Louis C.K. vid by Sarah explained what happened: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HbYScltf1c . Have I become too attached to people? I can't survive without people for a day? It's a good change.

How is one supposed to spend time? Pursuit in art? Pursuit in innovation? Social connections? All of it.

9/??/13
After traveling, being social, I see no reason for photographs, and sometimes, film. They are not interactive. They do not feed the need for human interactions. Games do. The audience must participate. New social connections are made, as they are in hostels, cafes, parks, neighborhoods.

It’s the music and air conditioning in cafes that make me concentrate.

No library or park or hostel beats a place with friends.

9/20/13
Keep thinking and simultaneously living.

9/26
The first Mandarin class did not feel like class because I wasn't doing something I wanted to do. My mind was not thinking. The schizoid in me just got stuck. I should have done more. I could have listened to Mandarin conversation on my headphones, practiced with other students, memorized things, instead, I just sat there with a blank stare.

I was unable to be in my own direction. It was too far from life, just as work can be.

When I was in school, I only learned things alone, not in class. Although I am a more social person, I still haven't learned how to learn or work with others, how to be in direction with others.

It just didn't feel right. Maybe it's because I'm not excited. Nah, it's because of the schizoid in me. The feeling is too strong. I'd rather talk only when needed, learning by listening, rather than talking.

Learning makes one feel complacent, without creativity. That's probably why Asians have low creativity, they're learning all day, instead of doing something.

Find a social job?
Freelance programming from NY and elsewhere?
The schizoid in me is really limiting my options.

I just want to do the things I want to do. Art. Make a game with a taiko drum, etc. No learning. I'd rather work than learn, as I have a little more control over my work. Learning mandarin is not necessary. Nothing is necessary. Just live and work.

"Do what the fuck you want."

9/??/13
Live and work: Don’t move without motive, direction, creation [stability].

??/??/13
old note in Hong Kong day 2:
film vs lively job in a traditional town, happiness.

Give up games, or at least making games alone, it’s destroying you.

??/??/13
Build relationships to create a game or film studio.

Call, don’t use lesser means of communication. Keep talking to people via calls.

Don’t be secretive in grandeur

Need a social work environment.

Create stuff all of the time.

Keep up with contemporary art, but consume locally for inspiration of own art.

??/??/13
temp notes:****
compare undeveloped are developed
  - ex. India / Kathmadu and Hongdae, only difference is money

social vs unsocial
  - when social, life goes by slowly, it’s fun, consume more, watch out for conspicuous consumption, which is the result of peers with money and my own conformism. 
    - however, avoiding these activities leads to a less social life. Or a social life with the working class, or undeveloped areas.
  - a feeling of never belonging, I live in other’s lives, living locally, absorbing culture, consuming locally, and cheaply.

how to affect the world?
  - art, diplomacy, non-profit, education, health
  - commercial studio does neither

There’s no struggle in Hongdae Park. A good educational environment. No danger. The only problems are conspicuous consumption and the lack of creativity.

For me, creativity is pushed by struggle.


10/01/13 Taiwan
Apex of creativity in Seoul:
When I thought about every action, optimizing life to maximize experience I couldn’t be alone for even a few minutes. I needed sound, people, to keep me alert, otherwise, I’d slow down and think less.

Work requires the brain to give up creativity. A decision is made.

A jehova’s witness approached me. Talking to her reminds me of how important interaction is to learning.

10/2
The mandarin classes adds routine to my life. A schedule. It doesn't feel right. I feel I can do better. Yet, I fail to do anything all day.

I need direction. Work. Something.

Avoid tea. It's driving you crazy, along with the heat.

10/5
I waste hours going to Alex's party. I accomplished nothing there, except to take some time off from my work-life. Although time was wasted, the time felt much longer than being alone. It's life. Travel, social, fun.

10/6
Being social, traveling, provides the fastest satisfaction. Work is too slow. Research is too slow.

I probably need to do something that has director social effect, to see my results, as opposed to research, in which the effects are theoretical and impractical. I'd rather prototype real applications. The faster the better, hence Humans and Vincent Moon. Slowly, I can created larger projects. Start small, go larger. Evaluate time, always. Be social. Hang out in social places.

I wondered today. Wanderlust or some disorder? It was a complete waste of time. I could have just went to the common room for a few minutes, taken a walk, but instead I kept going. Perhaps I just needed exercise. Just 15 minutes of exercise could have sufficed.

Should mix new media and traditional.

10/7
Take time everyday to simply walk outside. Humans. Relax. See the beauty of the small things.

I need to create more new experiences in my life. Go out with people. Create things with people. Keep thinking and doing!

Quickly get a high end job in new media. You're moving too slow. Need to work hard play hard like the smart travelers.

Going in and out of depression. I need to stay social to stay out. It's either I'm social, travel, consume films, or heavy exercise. On somedays, there's too much to do, on others there's nothing.

Perhaps I should stay outside. Sleep well. That's the key. That was today's problem

10/15
I think a simple barometer for success in life is how happy you are to wake up in the morning.

Should walk around the city without thinking about consuming or learning. Just do whatever you want!

I feel that language is not needed. It's a business thing. People can always communicate. I will learn by trying to communicate, not by forcing myself to communicate in a classroom or by attending social situations with students.

more on the fried chicken idea:
The TVs should be in public, in the middle of the night market, nearby fried chicken places, high enough for people to see, using old televisions, off sync, so people can see the ending of it multiple times. The video loops


10/22
Today was a disaster.

In the morning I felt great. I had no worries. No direction. No deadline. It's how I felt once or twice a month in San Francisco.

I didn't learn anything in class. After class, I didn't feel like working. I felt like going somewhere, doing something, so I went to Jiufen. I didn't consume nor did I socialize. It was a waste. I'm not in direction. But how do I get back in?

I need to stay in a mode of struggle. Ignore the world, keep my perspective.

How do schizoids survive? Are they vagrants? Is that how Vincent Moon, Christopher Doyle, and Kunal survive?

10/24
課很慢，不值得。

The class is way too slow. Not worth the time. It makes me complacent. It makes me less excited, less caring. Also, it just doesn't work. I can't talk to be hostel staff! Wtf. Time passes without progress.

I have to learn via motivation, not class. Other methods are too slow and boring.

只如果需要說，我說。

experimental teaching， games, life, exploration.

11/4
After two weeks in Taipei I lose direction. I stop consuming Taipei. I focus on smaller things. I begin to look toward media. This is wrong. It's too far from life.

from old physical notes:
can work, life, and play be combined, or are they separate ideas?

No play, no interaction, sadness? Can Indians survive without people? I fell in to every extreme. A failure to balance life. A failure to see time.

1.
Public. Social. Exciting. Fun.

Any art created should be able to affect the people of India and Nepal.

11/22
Dreams of future jobs:
Teacher
Public arcade, two week deadlines, new games exhibited constantly
Humans / Vincent Moon

11/23
兩個狀態：方向裡面跟方向外面。

11/26
I'm neither working or consuming. I feel nothing.

Things that stood out at Ilman: slow motion dancing, slow pace film, sounds of different cultures (language, instruments, ambience), a woman singing her heart out in a different language, crescendos.

I've lost my happy party adventure self and am transitioning into a working person.

Full work day Sunday and Monday. Work at nearby library and cheap cafe at night, and park to work out.

1. See possibility of freelancing in east Asia.
2. See design studios (new media and film) in east Asia. Contact them. Set meeting. See Alan's recommendations.
3. Research universities and art organizations in Korea.
4. Plan trip around Korea?

I want to babysit kids. I want to get close to someone. I need social obligations. The world is my social obligation. Fight for life.

Trampolines are fun.

Display fried chicken short film at a Taiwanese night market. Ask several electronic stores to display it.

Art needs an audience. Art institutions are worthless. Just make stuff and display it in the public.

12/7
我需要藝術的朋友。*****Even Chris有朋友。工作然後派對還是探險。

照抄好人。

12.7?
對老師的問題：
沒什麼在你們都吃一點
謝謝，我們自己來


~1/1
while writing ITP application:

Thoughts while writing it:
It's difficult to work without being social because there is no immediate feedback, no verification that what I am doing is right.

Why?
I have a chronic problem of failing to use technology to ease use of communication. While the world is constantly connected through instant messaging, SMS, phone calls, and Facebook, I never think to use it. Instead I spend more time interacting with the things around me. The people around me, my neighborhood, my city. This is my achilles heel. I fail to maintain relationships. I only engage if I have some specific intention -- work, objectives. My most consistent relationships are people who remember to contact me.

Being a schizoid in Asian countries, especially lesser developed ones where local interaction, where a whole family lives in the same room has been quite interesting. I feel happy living in hostels while traveling. There's always people around to eat with, go out, explore, meet, talk.

My problem is that I don't show my interests. I don't lead people to do the things I want to do. I follow others, or find a point to converge.

I'm a schizoid (SPD). Without feedback of others, I lose reality and time. I only have a few phases: narrowly work non-stop toward a single goal, depressed in transition finding the next direction (new place, new project). I never really stop. I'm in a constant struggle.

I'm cold, "soulless", emotionally and socially withdrawn, yet sensitive, sometimes extremely, especially to the struggling class of society, hence my constant desire to interact with them, making a film with them, make games in the public, starting Humans of Taiwan, traveling to Laos.

Having said this, people often consider me a good teammate. I've never been a leader. I never create events. Although I'm creative, I either create things myself, or tag along others with similarly ambitious visions.

When I have a great experience--film, art, travel--I'm moved, stunned, lose reality. I then try to respond by creating something from the intense experience.

During my most experiential moments, I think of extremely high art. For example, I could be disgusted by income inequality and have ideas akin to Banksy.

…

I can't accomplish much alone. In order to complete a project, to maintain focus and sustain motivation, I need a balance which only other teammates can provide.

I will always be in battle with SPD. I'll always look forward to the next step.

In order for me to be successful in Taiwan, I will have to be a leader. There are no people with similar visions. Perhaps creating a public arcade is what my life comes down to.

1/12
Invest in lights and sound, or rent them. Plan a film, don't make some crummy student film. That's the problem with film, it requires a lot of planning, very little doing.

I was really in a slump. Wow. I am now creating new thoughts and am generally more happy everyday. I need to be careful and detect that I am over researching or not excercising or not getting enough sleep. It shows in the pace that I walk, the pace of my mind. The lack of enjoyment listening to music and media in general. An overall lack of enjoyment. Bad posture.

What causes a slump? Not being motivated for an idea? Working on things I don't care about? Carb diet?

Need an idea to chase next.

Film is a slower process. That's all. Be patient and think it through. Can easily do other things whilst filming.

should do everything in video form*

~1/20
While in India:
Local life and local consumption!
A life alone is not worth living

Need to live alone and wander. Never be with people all day, it's uncreative. Play more. Keep playing. Never choose to do something alone!

Amiga game exhibition.

Tactical kite strings game.

2/14 (wrong date)
I thrive off of cities because I have no one. I rely on the public.

2/11
I can't work alone. I can only work with people. Now what? Start out being social, then go toward jams? Find Chinese school and English school first? Then toward Humans again? Then film jam?

3/29/14
took this from blog post of this date:
East Asia

First, a thought.

The goal of my trip in East Asia was to find a suitable place to live. I did this in two ways: wander and seek fine art (especially game [new media, interaction] and film) within a finite amount of time.

--

"After a month in India, I'm finally continuing my life. I was halted, unable to do what I intended. Into depression in two weeks, doing nothing. Forget it now. Only the present matters."

"I just need to settle and work and live. No more travel. I have to fight to stay alert, not get comfortable, or in depression. Surround myself with local friends, local people, and local work. All of which was missing in India." Or, I never intended to seek out such things in India, a temporary place.

"I'm dying of social outlet."

"I need to maintain confidence and composure, wherever I am. Never compromise. Live as much as you can. Freelance anything, anywhere. Don't be so narrow or grand. You can always make time for art on the side."

...

CouchSurfing:
I'm planning to live in a city in east Asia. Before I go into one and settle, I decided to take a trip through them all: Hong Kong, Seoul, Tokyo, and Taipei.

During the day I'd like to be running around the city. If the host is available, I'd like to live through that person, and live their daily life.

I'm particularly interested in the art scene of the city, as I'm very interested in arts, especially contemporary arts such as new media, game, film, and mixing them with life. I hope to work within the field of art, research, or higher education. So I hope to find some related events, meet people, talk, and see how well I get along with people. 

And of course I'll be doing a little traveling! Isn't that mandatory?


Introduce yourself and explain a bit about your trip:
I'm Rahil. My past is some weird mix of contemporary art, technology, and travel.

I finished a long trip through southeast Asia, India, and Nepal. I'm planning to live in a city in east Asia. Before I go into one and settle, I decided to take a trip through them all: Hong Kong, Seoul, Tokyo, and Taipei.

During the day I'd like to be running around the city taking in as much as possible. If the host is available, I'd like to live through that person's daily life.

In addition to feeling out the city, I do have one goal in mind. I'm particularly interested in the art scene of the city, especially contemporary multi-media arts (new media, games, film, etc.). I plan to work within the field of art, research, education, or anything that keeps me outside an office. During the time I'd hope to attend some related events, meet people, talk, and see how well I mix in. But these are just ideas, nothing strict; I'm flexible. And of course, I'll be doing a little traveling! Isn't that mandatory?

OH. Also important: My date is flexible, likely Wednesday (7/10), Sunday (7/14), and perhaps the Wednesday after that. But we can work things out.

to read?:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timothy_leary

5/6
我應該買穀類糧食。比較便宜。然後從台灣買青菜，三個一塊。可以買便宜的肉-兩塊。真的。我真的沒有錢。


我麼有錢。我做什麼？問爸爸買公司？用便宜工人工作？

用不得錢。三百美國的塊過了。

應該couch surf。

5/16
I don’t understand how people can ever do anything passively. Passively read, watch a movie, whatever.

Do people who watch TV watch it with motivation? I can’t do it. I can’t read Thinking Fast and Slow, even though, looking through the table of contents, it’s extremely interesting. Same with Guns, Germs, and Steel.

But, for me, there needs to be a reason. An output. Something to write. Some product.

And this has stopped me from learning, making me an anti-intellect. And I can’t help it.

5/30
我決定了，說，寫，想，強人想出來。聽，讀，不強想出來。所以我得說，寫，想，每天，起碼一次一天。

。。。

在臺北我能了跟別的人說話，自己說話，看字。不需要讀書，聽書。說跟想夠了。在郊區我說話，想，比較少，所以我得寫字。

我覺得跟很多中文說的人最好學中文。因為你每天用中文說話，替練習。

可以到博客：

媒體對表演。
用電腦寫，還是這裡寫，然後拷貝貼到Wordpress app。

6/4/14
removed from blog:
See wiki
See notes and thoughts on film

Film is an art medium that is the closest to reality, after games. It is the medium I've gained the most philosophy from from early high school until I moved to a city.

I would like to examine what philosophy was gained, which films offered the most, how, and why. Also which films I loved, despite the philosophical gains.

- List some favorite films and directors in order. It's too long to list them all.
- Philosophy gained
  - Virtuous people. Psychology (character). Sociology. Virtue. Information (documentary). Culture. Novelty (art). Period films. Documents reality with every contemporary film. The lives of others. Visual art (cinematography, dance / screenplay).
- How
 - by showing video, one is showing life. Especially the actions and reactions of humans. One comes to understand humans.
- the viewer understands video immediately, skipping the conceptualization process which comes from reading.
- Why
  - because life is often dull, and I want to be reminded of the people who struggle in other parts of the world.
  - it stops me in my life. The distractions of the world and my impulses are gone for a moment, and I just sit and watch. Allowing me to contemplate on life. I could be doing something else while watching it, but that takes way from the immersive experience. I allow films to take hold of me. But nowadays that's rare, so I just take the time to sit and think, perhaps about something more important than what I was thinking a few moments ago. It reminds me of what's most important: people who struggle, family, friends.
- Now


Are my favorite films simply appealing to the pleasure of something new, or does it do it well, or does it offer some new philosophy?

I hope I'm not merely hedonistic in the choice of arts.

The devoid life of Tsai Ming Liang appeals to the pleasure of new. It starts bare and gives glimpses of something new.

That Korean director? Also shows life in the perspective of someone low in society and offers new things in the form of culture or some screenplay.

Hirokazu Koreeda, no, he is clearly a virtuous man.

The Iranian director? Completely virtuous through fantastic screenplay.

Is that the difference between in certain regard and the palm?

What can film do in respect to the philosophy of art?

Show something in a new perspective.

Just be fucking amazing. (Need to elaborate, perhaps rewatch walking life and Iranian directors films)



Narrative. Documentary.
—

6/15
I was being optimistic about 25 years really. I think it's going to be cultic. I think always people will be reading them but it will be a small group of people. Maybe more people than now read Latin poetry, but somewhere in that range... To read a novel requires a certain amount of concentration, focus, devotion to the reading. If you read a novel in more than two weeks you don't read the novel really. So I think that kind of concentration and focus and attentiveness is hard to come by — it's hard to find huge numbers of people, large numbers of people, significant numbers of people, who have those qualities[.] - Philip Roth

6/30
old thought:
Hah, I was just talking to someone about why there aren't enough short-term technical schools / workshops to fit niches in employment.

also old, cleaning email:
the failures of design on a computer:
  - https://vimeo.com/36579366

7/2
in an old note:
Only being social cures my heartache. Be social. Or watch a movie. Computer work does not help.

Need to place self in an environment to learn Chinese. The apartment is not the right place. Class, travel, social work. Need to want to talk. 
Or, need to work with people.

Also, cannot be alone, ever. Need to be in the public. I need to be around people in reality. Fuck digital interaction.

I need to interact with people. I need to interact with the world. The computer is not enough. Whatever I do, I need people. I haven't learned how to balance my own work and socializing normally, without common interest. I need to learn to work and be social, without going into either extreme. Need people to track time.

STAY OUTSIDE.

FUCK COMPUTERS. FUCK COMPUTERS. FUCK COMPUTERS.

NO. TRAVEL. BE  YOURSELF. FUCK REGULAR PEOPLE AND REGULAR JOBS. GET BACK ON YOUR ON TOP OF THE WORLD SHIT. INTROVERT ADVENTURE TIME! NO MORE ENGLISH. NO COMPUTERS. ALL PHYSICAL. ONLY USE TECHNOLOGY FOR WORK.

in another old note:
You only follow others. You need to create an environment for yourself. Follow the routine. Maintain your state of grace. Stop wandering? Well, wander less.

"It is important to maintain your equanimity. You cannot let yourself get too 'up' or too 'down' based on your circumstances."
"Too 'down' I understand. But why not too 'up?'"
"Because the higher your mountains are, the deeper your valleys will seem. You should not react to the world. You should respond, but not react. A response is an action based on logic. A reaction is an emotional state. Your reaction will not change the world. Your reaction only changes you. Your response will change the world."

"If you make art for the sake of money, it isn't art. It's business."









old notes from traveling:

yellow notepad:

at Malaysia airport:
Do separate ethnicities of Malaysians get along? What an odd mix.

Are the Chinese here more hard-working, business-oriented?

Perhaps Asians are so social that they have no care for personal work. Just money to uphold a family responsibility.


at JV’s hostel:
Do I need game friends to make game / new media art?

I do need interaction. Even if it’s just with local people.


Design + Work = (Art):
I am empirical. I receive the greatest amount of inspiration from real life. Second is film. Interactive arts are real life. Where do games and interactive art differ?

A cafe is not enough life. It must be walking (traveling) and talking.

I am empirical. I have he  best ideas when I experience the most extreme feelings. I am also extreme, and schizoid. Therefore, it takes me an extreme experience to have a great idea, or in a state where I spend time to think, it could result in a great idea, especially if it’s related to interaction, and what better medium than an interactive one? Or I have to tell myself to work on that idea, giving up empiricism. Or, I could embrace that idea, tell others, get people around me excited about it, then make it together, or at least get the feedback to do so.

Need to remember to think about work. What if the work / medium changes with experience? Is that okay? As long as you think you can execute it.


In India?:
Ficciones:
people spend time writing lengthy books which wastes time on narrative, forgetting to use the medium to execute ideas. Why spend days reading?

perhaps I am unable to consume books fast enough, which is why I enjoy travel, real life, and film to influence me. Might be better with music to concentrate, but then that means I am not thinking. I’m also faster listening. My reading ability is really slow. I either need audiobooks or learn to read faster.
  - though, I seems to read Wikipedia and grasp concepts very fast. Perhaps I don’t read slow, but do not like the tim wasted reading superfluous words.

I said to Jon, if one does not share an experience, was what happened to real? I think as an experiential person, life and memories consists of shared times.

Listening, observing, inquiring are my greatest ways to learn. Never rewrite, sometimes failing to reinforce.

Tlon, is okay, like a long Invisible City.