some recent thoughts:
The DK Philosophy Book seems bland at the point, perhaps, because there isn't much on my mind. I'm not thinking of society as a whole, progress, etc. Much of it are bland philosophers that write of epistemology (and ontology). Only those that write of sociology seem interesting. I guess, when I was into philosophy before, I was thinking really deeply, arguing against the truth against everyone, having a good grasp of the truth, such a grasp that whenever I read a word, I thought about the writer writing at the time in their social context, thinking about the meaning behind their writings, their motive, what they were getting at.

The DK Philosophy book has a whole bland section on the Middle Ages, of which mostly consists of arguing or fitting Plato and Aristotle with God. But, what of their lives? What they do everyday, think about often, what they say orally, their music, their actions? It sounds like a nice, simple society, with farms, without machines. Sure, there are major social problems, but surely, it must have been interesting, fighting the wilderness and other societies, and surely, so much thought, that doesn't appear in the philosophy book, or under philosophy at all.

It's also nearly entirely missing the rest of the world's philosophy, leaving only the ancient Chinese (Laozi, Buddha, and maybe Confucius), Wang Bi, and some random Japanese philosopher (Kintaro?). I guess the rest of the world is thrown other some other guy who was writing histories of African philosophy for Africans who don't write.

It is only nearly the end of the book that one gets to philosophers who render the whole of philosophy stupid: post-modernism and the more common-sensely Rorty; and who are more practical, grounded in reality: the socially progressive (race, sex, etc.) philosophers (Fanon, Iragay [spelling?], etc.), who probably better belong in the sociology book, but seem to overlap here.

When I read philosophy, I had reality in mind, and I was able to think deeply when reading Epicurus, of living stoically, biographies, essays, social histories, world histories, and so on. It was a much more intense feeling, fighting for truth, attaching words to concepts, writing out my own thoughts and ideas. Now, I guess that's missing. Although there's a bit of biography in the DK book for each philosopher, it just isn't at thought-provoking this time around.

Before, I could see every single problem in society in every sentence. When I read that someone went through war, prison, or something other stupid idea, I thought deeply of how civilization, how other humans could be so stupid.

The DK book really seems limited to nearly only writing of popular Western philosophers. Many of them, educated at Oxford, and most in some other elite institution. How many look at the world and get their ideas? How many look at social actions, art, the physical world around them? It's hard to tell when all that is selected is their ideas. The book doesn't say much of the experience of living in a city, walking down a street, traveling, urban settlements, food industry, children, or any examples really, just thought experiments. It's really dull, un-imaginitive. The book doesn't evoke much of real experiences. But, I guess, that's philosophy? Generalizing? As opposed to experiencing, through more experiential writings: essays and biographies, which is where thoughts *are* provoked.
--

