Thoughts:


8/6
Winter Sleep
Okay, wow, now this is a real movie, with real affects on lives.

Whoa, now I'm not sure what reality is. Sucking up to a landlord? Well, if his family is suffering, what can be done, without changing the value of property?

Even Hidayet feels inhuman, sucking up to his master.

Found the poorer tenent's garden tacky.
I
"should be a model to your community / public"..."especially in rural areas"

Ouch, the daughter is close to the community, knows it's problems, not detached with media.

"You are an artist, why bother yourself with such things" (tasks to help poverty with intelligence)
  - because he IS intelligent, it is his duty

The landlord is accustomed to luxury. Small things bother him, like not having slippers for men, dirty gardens, and maybe shoes, having a window open. He's living comfortably.

didn't write much, but stopped
--
1:13:40
A motocross traveler comes, says he’s likes to be self-sufficient, is writing essays, and perhaps will compile it into a book.

—
Whoa, lots of philosophical discussion with the landlord and his sister.

The landlord’s wife argues that one can’t understand enough to write about something they haven’t experienced, lived through, or is an expert on.

The landlord’s wife argues against time used for philosophy, reductionism, idealism, failing to be practical, having a broad view.

“You’re not realistic, without being aware of it.”

The landlord laughs at the excuse of “thinking more important than action”.

stopped at 1:49:59

5 centimeters per second:
part 1:
School is a huge part of East Asians life. It's a very social experience. In Taiwan, they maintain the same grade schoolmates until college. Unless one moves, which may be common with urbanization.

"But when I think about it, I liked Tokyo's hot, humid summers, too."
  - because the experience she had during that time was good
  - or because the temperatures made everything more vivid

Oh man. The hot, humid weather is such a Taiwan experience.

Ah, writing on the train. Such an experience. Even trains are close enough to nature.

The film illustrated with detail, making it more about images and symbolism, like Watchmen and Final Fantasy VII.

Like-minded stick together.

It's interesting that they feel a many subway stops is too far, and only meet so infrequently because of it. Or maybe, it's because they're in school (or work in later life) all of the time. Even then, they should be able to sneak out at night, or spend a weekend together.

Details of physical objects adds a lot of information.

Hmm, Japan's station looks exactly like Taipei Main. So does the laundry machine.

Even in a time with phones (smartphones with Facetime?), letters and physical interaction is still desired.

Ugh, overly dramatic, like all animes. A bunch of overly romantic Japanese bullshit. (for a long time)

part 2:
cosmonaut
If anything, these short films show how bad Japan's education system is. Archery, surfing, colleges for everyone?

So much habit. Such stale, thoughtless lives.

Hmm, well, that was all of the thoughts. I didn't stop thinking because the film was good, rather, the film was really bad. Just another hopeless romantic anime.
--

I wanted to create everything from scratch, but in the city, it was socially and financially impossible, and away from the city, I feel, perhaps not worth it, without the physical awareness, and proximity to people.
--

From Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance:
"Quality from the marketplace and predicted the changes that would take place. Since quality of flavor would be meaningless, supermarkets would carry only basic grains such as rice, cornmeal, soybeans and flour; possibly also some ungraded meat, milk for weaning infants and vitamin and mineral supplements to make up deficiencies. Alcoholic beverages, tea, coffee and tobacco would vanish. So would movies, dances, plays and parties."

  - When I stay in one place for some time, get into habit (usually for work, but also if I just become bored or nearby, accessible things), I become a very functional person. I eat simple, healthy, vegetarian meals, with multi-vitamins. I watch a film once or twice a week.
  
  - When I returned to Taipei, it seemed I wanted to live the most functional life, making the right decision every time. In addition to simple living habits, I desired the society around me to naturally partake my own simple living habits.
  
  - At times in my life, I become anxious when I see privledged people waste money on things of quality, especially when the cost of labor for it is so high [and now likely in another country]. I didn't care for the coffee shop Pan's friend was interested in. I didn't care for Meng's major, which wasn't functional. At the time, I was thinking about how to help people in nearby developing countries, those in poor areas in Taiwan, and even those poor people nearby, in Taipei. How can one think of quality when there's so much functional work to do?* 
  
    - This kind of thinking leads to a life with Kant's Imperative (Rorshach). Constant steps in a positive direction. The constant decision-making leads to an extremely active life, learning whatever that is needed to reach the next goal. Perhaps the steps may be small, but they are positive, and practical. During this way of thinking, I often do not believe anything past these small steps, sticking close to reality, and taking actions based on experience, as opposed to theory. It's possible I'm unable to relate to any kind of media because the language of it (verbal, visual, etc.) is so distanced from reality. I'm limited to documentaries, biographies, and philosophy and science (including Wikipedia). I choose real experiences. But this leads to a peculiar education. I'm able to choose steps in the right direction, because I know from experience, but I don't know what the rest of the world is doing, and fail to use the knowledge of gained by others. I try to build knowledge from the random scraps of experience I've had, instead of using someone else's solution. It's the only way to learn. But it is unguided knowledge. The knowledge is real, far better than the knowledge people obtain after the Information Age, but it's still random. I get caught up in the obtainment of knowledge, realize it, and go back to functional steps toward the right direction. What's better than gaining knowledge about the practical work one does?* Perhaps the only time I am stable in life is when I have a goal that is lengthy, and feel the work is practical.
    
    - But with the poor decision-making of humans, politics will always show it's head, and that feeling of being somewhat useful to a community disappears, because the work feels useless. This shifts me from technical problems to more socio-political problems. The same Kantian ethics apply. Instead of building a program to prevent bank fraud, it shifts to building civic media -- guiding people to make better decisions for the society as a whole, organizing communities, civil disobedience, and so on.
    
    - Both kinds of work are necessary and practical, but it often feels that at this point in time, especially in a modern country, the social problems outweigh technical. [stopped here* thinking whether building a water resorvoir in Africa is better than influencing a city-society to share]
  
  - Back to the question, How can one think of quality when there's so much functional work to do? Functional work often does not require much of the brain. At these times, if one can fit in Quality in the work, or elsewhere in the world so be it. Off-time is spent on Quality, for example, decorating a house or shop. It's unnecessary, but people get stuck, often physically, in places, boredom arises, and Quality is added to the world. [stopped again, here]

"We would all use public transportation. We would all wear G.I. shoes. A huge proportion of us would be out of work, but this would probably be temporary until we relocated in essential non-Quality work. Applied science and technology would be drastically changed, but pure science, mathematics, philosophy and particularly logic would be unchanged. Phćdrus found this last to be extremely interesting. The purely intellectual pursuits were the least affected by the subtraction of Quality"

  - I don't care much for taste, but I do care for design, which may fall under applied science, though maybe everything that isn't science would fall under such a broad term. There's a lot of wasted effort in applied science and technology, but the physical design of the world is something worthy to strive for change.  Does the Quality of design matter?* Would an entirely functional world be ideal? The difference between Japan's and Taiwan's societies come to mind. The Quality of design of the world would affect the Quality of life. One cannot design of Quality for some one else, as everyone's interpretation of quality differs (think of someone designing an apartment for another; this example works for the two previous statements). If the only goal to society were to survive, the quality of design may not matter much. Wait, no, even now survival is still a problem...(broke into the following two thoughts).
  
  1. The designs are based on knowledge, and knoweldge of humans, i.e. the social sciences, are infinitely complex. Using the house example again, a house (good or bad in quality) (link to poorly-designed upgrades game) may lead to other unknown problems. This would lead to the solving of those problems, and leading to more unknown problems. By this constant trial and error, the house becomes better. And this is how societies progress, through policy-making. Quality, here, is not a variable.
  
  2. Striving to increase survival is functional, absence of Quality (in an impossible environment where there is no chance of the thought of doing and thinking of something beyond survival). It is beyond survival, one has more time to have more 'higher-functioning' brain activity, which is where Quality enters. Without Quality, Marx's idea of Communism comes to mind, and does indeed seem to be the ideal society. Yet, Quality leads to the creation of more effective (and beautiful) solutions, for example, using games for education, as opposed to rote learning with written language. Perhaps Quality comes later in society just as it does in humans. The first step is to survive. Then next is to do it beautifully. And back in a loop I go. I must sleep.

From an article from Bushwick:
"Our community desperately needs this affordable housing to continue living our lives in our own community; a community that has long been a working-class community but with every new market-rate development shifts toward luxury for some and dispossession for the rest of us."

8/5
from very recent notes, perhaps 4 days old:

note from Taipei library:
Should keep a book about local area and national areas. Even travel books are fine. Compare common English books about Taiwan at a library. From my little experience they seem to be far more comprehensive than the Taiwan travel books, and less centered on food. Of Bradt, Michelin, and Lonely Planet, Lonely Planet was far more area-oriented, providing small summaries for little towns along paths, like traveling.

note from Eslite library:

from Parallax View by Slavoj Zizek:
short circuit (concept for a series of books):
read with another's, a minority's point of view as he does films
...
bring light to unconcscious parts (habit unaware(?) presuppositions, thought)

paralax gap:
revolutionary politics and revoltionary arts (yes!)
a step to revise dialectical materials

The problem is not how to jump from the individual to social level; how should the external-impersonal socio-symbolic order of institutionalized practices and beliefs be structured if the subject is to retain his 'society'
...
proverbial egotist view
...
thought and being (doing?)
...
returning home may warm our heads but the fact remains, that this is all ultimately irrelevant.
...
"Cartesian homelessness"...homeless / finding home...sailor drift to sea then found a home
...
void: partial, individual, private
social: singularity, community, public
truth: universal

phenomonology and perception
design and truth* -> city!
Husserl's ideas -> surfaces and essences
pragmatic reader
philosophy of mash(?)

from a photo of a note on the back of a business card, very old, from home:
travel required for ?
city for living
love of Eslite library
invitation proposal(?)
other tools for thinking
Daniel Klein
  - travels w/ Epicurus
  - fun philosophy


8/4
Daily awareness of community, physical awareness (as opposed to media -- newspaper or facebook). Hence, societies with street culture have a stronger sense of community.

Almost feel I need a tool to write thoughts down into. Alternatively, someone to have conversation with.

Writing I ...
--

One guy walked around Taiwan in 60'ish days.8/2
Continued thoughts from 8/4 are in square brackets.
Bad day. Tired from not sleeping at eslite library. Slept at public library instead. Unsocial, no goals, wondering, not good. Also struggled just to get the darn bus station. Should have just taken the bus. But also, should have left my bag in Taipei. Really need to settle soon so that I don’t have to waste so much time.Waste? Focusing too much.Spent the night continuing to read about Nobel Laureates [first the book about the economic winners, now Wikipedia], this time 2014 winners. And then, materials science.Though interesting, interdisciplinary, from material to engineering to design, it’s a very specific branch of knowledge, which leads to leaps in technology, but I’m just not interested so much, because even leaps of technology isn’t enough [or doesn’t feel like enough] to help the real problems — poverty, inequality, etc.The approach of bottom up science, from new material to new design makes sense for upgrading current technology to, and breaking to new paths, but it all still ignores human problems. [meaning, though privileged people can afford the application of science — medicine, computers, etc. — it doesn’t solve many social problems].I’m far more interested in how the city provides equality, education, leading people toward public spaces to learn, socialize, and create.I’m also more interested in the social sciences. Most of my writing is about social things such as education, urban planning, communities, decision-making, technology for education, media for education, civics, social change, politics, and so on.These interests were aroused by personal experiences: homelessness, housing problems, city planning, safety, inequality, education of people, habits of people, [government, globalization and it’s effects, westernization, different societies and it’s cultures and communities, social organizaitons] and all those things you learn by traveling around.To be closer to the bottom (science), would require me to be social with those also close to the bottom, which is likely some school department. [though this problem exists when having any kind of specific interest]
—I wonder if I could choose any grad school and get a scholarship.***** this is a very good idea. I should apply to top grad schools in Taiwan, especially those in Taipei. It's important to me to stay in the city and create long term relationships, with colleagues and the city.I enjoy broad thinking, using new accessible tech to improve city life.*x4 Test MIT software. Write articles / ideas that proceeded each project.*x3The ideal public space.*x3 the ideal neighborhood.*x2 The ideal city.*x3
—

[I enjoy fast feedback, practical ideas I can implement now and affect the community I live in, and in doing so, likely use whatever ideas work to a broader application, like a technology. Only this makes sense to me. One first has to have the experience that something works on humans, not science, then proceed to make a tool from it. This is the proper bottom-up, the bottom is humans not scientific experiment.

This is precisely why I did not feel good in Parson’s D&T program{!!!}. It felt that I was playing with materials and new tools {which is very cool and what I desired} but lacked a community in need of help. I didn’t settle into a neighborhood, have local experiences, and see local problems. When I arrived in New York again, I’d walk around thinking about homeless people, the cold, housing, the non-sensical decision-making {How could Parson’s spend money on a building instead of lowering tuition? How could New York have so much money and spend it so carelessly?}, privileged people and conspicuous consumption, which felt in it’s pinnacle, especially when compared to Asia, including Taiwan. I didn’t have the neighborhood I care for in Taipei, the people in it, the same goes for Taipei {as a city level community}, Taiwan {as a country level community}, and the developing countries around it. I didn’t have the feelings for the people in New York that I have for the people in Taiwan. Which seems unequal as I write this, but perhaps true. Probably because I didn’t spend enough time in New York to develop these feelings, social relations, with local people, as opposed to the privileged people in my school’s department. I couldn’t think about my past interests of games, and other things from high-society. I couldn’t relate much. Everything I wanted to do was far more simple, closer to humans. My interests were far more functional, though, I did try to be more playful at times. I just couldn’t. Time was work. Perhaps the money pressured me. I couldn’t make sense of using that much money either, when I was living so frugally elsewhere. Life doesn’t cost that much. No education should. It just didn’t make sense.
///

When I retuned to Taiwan, I came from reading books for a year {in society-less state}, and I had to make sense of reality as I was dropped into Taipei again, with extremely high awareness, and therefore making far more decisions. I made a billion decisions based on my ideals, but failed {failed to flourish in the society} because they weren’t practical in a modern capitalistic society.

Perhaps a few months later I became far less aware of reality, made far less decisions than the actions I took, perhaps making more decisions based on survival in a modern capitalistic society. Around this time, I lost direction, wondered more, and became lazy. Also, the point where Dad gave me money, I make far less decisions. It was quite necessary to survive at the time because I didn’t settle in a space where I could live (drink, eat, poop, control temperature) without thinking much about these things.

]Should sketch all recent ideas.--I also had a thought about socialization, the feeling of being a part of a society. It's the main motivation behind all of my work. To make a better society.8/1只有兩個月。一個星期可能浪費了。7/31需要看報嗎？或，在家裡自己想？--http://www.citylab.com/housing/2015/07/whats-the-matter-with-san-francisco/399506A large chunk of the population moved here as adults; San Francisco was a consciously chosen destination.…But progressive San Francisco had a fatal, Shakespearean flaw that would prove to be its undoing: It decided early on to be against new buildings. It decided that new development, with the exception of publicly subsidized affordable housing, was not welcome.…In a world where we have the ability to control the supply of housing locally, but people still have the freedom to move where they want, all of this has played out in predictable ways.…In fact, neighborhoods that foster urban life and convenience are tremendously scarce in the Bay Area.…Our suburban communities never claimed to be progressive, never wanted to be a refuge for people from all over the world seeking cultural tolerance or an opportunity for a better life.…I know that the San Francisco I came here for was only a brief moment in the life of the city, and I know that cities are always changing. I also know that something new is emerging, and I plan to be here to find out what it is. Perhaps we are witnessing the birth of a new hybrid culture, drawing on aspects of the city’s earlier radicalism and a youth culture focused on business innovation—a fusion of the counter culture and Silicon Valley.I see both ambition and idealism in the new generation, and it’s very possible that the culture being created in San Francisco today is going to be great, too. But this new version of San Francisco needs a revived reform agenda that grapples with the realities of now: a generational reinvestment in public transit, to make up for decades of under-investment in regional mobility; the introduction of widely-available ladders of economic advancement that will enable more people to participate in our incredible economy; and more than anything, an embrace of new building within the city. Let’s celebrate the heritage of San Francisco’s progressive tradition. But let’s learn from our past mistakes.:)http://sfist.com/2013/07/08/map_the_bay_area_through_a_new_york.php  - lol—9/30(maybe Half of 29's thoughts belong here)Bjork's emails with a like-minded philosopher:Unlike America and England, Iceland didn’t go through many ages, it went from independence to the 21st century. It's more attuned to nature.*  - I feel this way about Taiwan, and feel that Taiwanese people feel this way too.9/29There is nothing better in life than to experience it (not media) and talk about it. Fuck media and studies, have to keep living and exploring. Getting knowledge from people, until one reaches a point to organize knowledge, then can find appropriate books to read.Could look at old thoughts for ideas and goals. But should always talk to those around to maintain awareness and happiness.Must keep living, traveling? (is it good to be aware of things travel books have? Just short history.), and maybe start reading the news.Should check funny science jobs?Or stick to my community and create jobs within it? 那是我的第一計畫。幫通化鄰區的人。招管孩子，做路上的飯，教書孩子，修理電腦/腳踏車/什麼的。還照顧朋友，我的社會的人，然後照顧城市。這是為什麼我決定好離開我老家，也紐耶。*可是我的工作務必有用（我無比覺得有用）。Policy-making, data visualization, art curation, workshops, urban planning, humans of Taiwan, address local and national problems.**Stick to philosophy of city, knowledge, social gatherings.Try Chinese test  - $750 for three months, $650 if early*    - absolutely worth it.Vision YouthAction1. 陽明山2. 烏來x/3. Garden City? Meh, just peek with scooter. Better to look for jewels in the city. Also should post skills and rooftop house in Tonghua and maybe Yongchun. Need scooter to live any further. I don't like the subway, and often don't like buses either.4. Borrow travel book from TMP.From forumosa:You can get a pretty nice house with garden in Xindian's mountains -New garden City (on the way to Wulai) or Little Taipei (Ankeng) for like 20K or so. Ankeng just opened a new highway, but traffic at peak hours is bit awful. Will have MRT... someday. There are plans and designs for it. There are jewels to be found thoughout the city, like old Japanese houses in Zhongshan, but you have to be extremely lucky. I have seen them in 591 occasionally, though, so it is possible.Message to forumosa user:Hey Icon!I Googled up your reply on finding a house to rent. You mentioned new garden city, little Taipei, and jewels like Japanese houses near Zhongshan.Happen to know others to look out for?I had a horrendous time looking at my favorite old neighborhoods with nice markets in Taipei (near 通化，永春, 社子, looking in person for signs and using 591, and kind of given up on it. For Taipei, I found only rooftop (屋頂) apartments intriguing.I also love the old little houses too, some Japanese, some more slum-like, maybe need to use keyword 日本？ there are many across from 通化街 too!I'm a city person and love u-biking, so these jewels seem key for me, and would be grateful if you knew about more, just to add on my 591 searches (or if you know better). I plan to look slowly this time.I'll check out the mountain neighborhoods once I bring my scooter up, but I just haven't tried to scooter around Taipei. I love scootering the east coast, and biking on off times in the city, so maybe I'll like it? Just afraid they lack markets, breakfast shops, and all of Taiwan culture in general.My budget is 16k or lower. Does not have to be a house! Four stories or lower.So if you've got any ideas, send them to me! :)--16k is more than enough to find a house house. I would not recommend using the scooter around Taipei and/or every day to commute from the hills, but if you are an experienced driver, go ahead.Another suggested area is around the Medical University, bit past Xinyi. Still has that convenience package we all love. Mountain communities may have less but still has enough to satisfy one's needs. Since you like the East Coast, may I suggest Xindian, as you can get to Yilan and Suao by bus or scooter -Pinlin route. Also on the way to Keelung (Jilong), you have Xizhi and other communities on the railroad line. That is a lifeline, cheaper than MRT if commuting to Taipei and reliable.--Ah, very interesting ideas!Yep, I'm kind of aware of a fine bit of neighborhood southeast of Tonghua / Taipei medical. It has some very dense old Taiwan old apartments, then less dense, until one goes too far up that mountain and finds oddly huge luxurious apartment buildings. It even has a decent market there!I heard xindian many times and may go exploring today. For some reasons (would take time to think why), I usually don't like new Taipei though. I biked along that river one night, and felt like I was in some kind of fictional dark, dense slum of a city, like Midgar. But night time I can't feel out much. Though easy access to Yilan with a scooter sounds fantastic. Never tried pinlin in route.Very timely and intriguing you mentioned that. I was in Yilan the past two days biking around and felt I was missing a kind of space to bike from my doorstep to beautiful rivers, farms, and waterfalls. I even had the thought of just staying at a hostel there to try it out. But the rail route to luodong has odd timings and anything faster than the slowest train costs quite a bit; the bus was infinitely better. This pinlin route sounds even better.Railway towns are my favorite! Small towns are absolutely my ideal, hence why I love Tonghua and Yongchun so much.  It surely would bring back memories of travel in Taiwan. I really wish the old non-ac window trains still existed. The train to Yilan was coldddddd.Thanks so much for the ideas. This is exciting. :)I was planning to ride my scooter from Taidong to Taipei. So maybe I can actually see the railway towns, try the pinlin route, and see the mountain communities, rather quickly.Ahhhh getting out of Taipei is such a relief.--Ah also interesting you said you wouldn't commute with scooter. Do those mountain people take buses!? That would be quite incredible in terms of public transport use, but I imagined scooter to city. I have no city scooter sxperience.Hmm another problem I thought is with the rail, I would have to get out of Taipei main, which might get annoying. It's not like those tiny railway stations I enjoy. And for some reason the ubike is quite far it. Would have to train then bus, or  buy a bike.Ah, the cons of living far.--...--I was able to see the neighborhoods today, just straight from the airport to Bitan! Quite an interesting feeling to live away from the city. What a beautiful day too. I wasn't sure if it was because I was in the mountains or not, but that alone may be worth living in the areas!Ankang is quite a sober lovely little place to commute from, save the giant apartments. I'd probably choose old neighborhoods in Taipei over that.Garden city is interesting to see; I guess the equivalent of a rich gated community in America with way more rustic, hilly, in an artificial way. Not functionally beauriful. It also lacks Taiwan culture because it's solely a residential area (save one vegetable truck).Anyway, after seeing those I'm quite glad to live in the city after all hah. I can only spend so much time away from friends, all of whom live here, and these neighborhoods. If I live in Taipei it only makes sense to live in Taipei city. Same for any other city. Otherwise I'd spend time on the east coast or Tainan!Still will try railroad towns! Hopefully find a mini Yilan.Thanks again for the quick messages. This was all very impromptu. :pRahil6277/28在宜蘭騎腳踏車的時候：騎得不得了。覺得太累。山旁邊沒有東西對我想比較多。我覺得了經過城市最好。可以看人，鄉下（農場），城市 - 沒有郊區，工人。看著釣魚的人就覺得我也想要釣魚。也想賣。這是昨晚那麼我的在桃園飛機場。2.Look for good working environments for Sweta.1. Download Rosetta Stone for Sweta.7/27冰毒：我現在想出的不好。我的意識低。我得用媒體改變我的思想。這是為什麼我以前看迪昂贏的時候有特別的感覺。最重要是意識。你在你的家應該看書，看電影，然後去外面，應該有很特別的感覺。我現在不思想我做什麼。看電影？為什麼？我可以幫人。跟人可以做事。旅行以前，我看電影的時候，看著風景我就想出來很多。有的是記憶，我總是辯論，是不是真實的。現在我太累。沒有錢的人有太多食物。Addiction is a habit. People tend to create habits. Habits are created from living in the same area. The same area contains the same materials and humans. Moving to a new area alleviates the mind from old habits, uses a little mind power to create new habits.* [posted to blog]Send children to a better country to earn more money and a better living.Building a toilet. Desire for comfort. Main use of money. Unable to share?Agents cheat the poor. Police easily bribed. People in force get away with anything. People with money can  get more money from lower classes.Medicine has a cost.Marriage as easy method to gain nationality."How's he going to make a living?"手工工作選水果，什麼的。抽煙。緬甸(Myanmar)人上癮。抽煙可能有尊重，對大人應該給他們香煙。哇，從緬甸移民到別的國家真麻煩。人給知道的多人，或是尊重的人錢。 priest, monk, scholar?「猛不猛？」好像講關於夠。準備了一個蘋果牛交換機車。有創造力的。他們決定真慢。面對面的銷售。Have to squeeze money from a poor society.And cheat prices.Yunnan as ancestor of Myanmar?Upholding tradition in places where science is unknown -- death.Family works together.*****The goal is a secure life. Higher survival rate. Able to get child out from prison.Misses home. Doesn't care for money.-- second half next day:Decisions are made so slowly. At least they don't have much cost, but people don't play either.Tea is another addiction.Long moments of staring, are they thinking? Or just attracted to nearby addictions and let capitalism drive their survival?After Grandfather dies, takes first person she meets?Wah karaoke (lyrics of another person, is still knowledge from another person, just a very commercial source) and dance, which maybe unpopular.Countryside people tricked to do other physical labor, or move to city.Drugs as one of the few ways to scrape money from a poor society. Introduce an even more addictive substance. In Americn media, poor neighborhoods suffer the same problem. But when an entire town actually is poor and prone, it may feel there is less choice.Wah, just jade mines and drugs.Persuasion to make money.With money comes careless spending."Stop doing drugs..." As they smoke from a water bong and cigarette. Their generation shown in their addicitions.Perhaps was an intended idea to persuaded and attract a partner for drug dealing.Addictions help calm the mind too.The idea and actualiziation done in moments. All because of being poor, desire to have money for a child.Perhaps with addiction, the mind eases of real problems.He only has knowledge of such few actions, even when drugged, it is all he knows how to do.Mmm,cutting the cow reminds me of the chicken I ate.-- after reading a bit more on the film:One review says Sanmei is unable to reintegrate into a society that has fallen behind in global development, making her feel melancholic.She is unable to find like-minded people to generate wealth. Sounds like my problem in Taiwan."Burning desire to leave her husband and return with child." Ah, forgot about that. Doesn't like husband either. Perhaps she also just likes Myanmar, except the economic problem."~At least her husband does not beat her." Said her mother. Things are good enough, in comparison to life in Myanmar.--0970839780Pedro vs the meeting placehttp://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=2&room=&area=&kind=&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3521049&hash=0http://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3481933.html  - 雅房, not picking uphttp://rent.591.com.tw/rent-detail-3146971.html  - see Monday or laterHmmm, need to read more histories of societies.現在的做事表:X/一。定飛機票, skyscanner at fablab.X/二。從ATM取款金錢三。付錢 / 定宿舍* - rest at Taipei main. 看書。 - 用hostel world定床。X/四。準備X/五。從WF劃撥錢到CS。Practice Chinese daily, listen to radio  - use ptt, read Taiwan newsMeeting place (ask air con)  8000 vs JVs (ask month) vs 3000kuai room  vs borderless house 10000 + 2x public spaces* - best current choice vs xiaomiao for a month  - 在問591 once per day, cheapest room?去宿舍附近找學校，餐廳（我自己可以做番吧！），咖啡店問附近的餐廳，夜店，咖啡廳。revolver, wall, etc. 看104, inside job. 問附近的學校。開始中文。加tutor。11am hackerspace! 每天。meetup.com people.二。最好是開始學中文。然後問他們有沒有工作。幫我找。三。看雅芳。四。去玩。台北玩，說話，找工作。7/11夠了！捷運也可以。Near Guting. Yonghe. Tonghua9/22During my time in Taiwan, I ate out everyday, which may have caused me to forget about physical labor. But it also enabled me to not think about spending time on physical labor -- no going to grocery store, cooking, or changing taste. It's all available in the city. Though productive, it made me forget about labor, to the point that I was buying tea from tea shops.[later thought:] It also facilitated experiencing reality daily. Being outside all day, talking to people, writing down my observations, constantly creating places of interests, often filled with people of interest. Resting for a moment, to write a few thoughts, then do it again.More English Homework / a thought:During and after my travels I received handwritten letters in various languages from people I encountered, especially in Chinese -- perhaps due to a stronger written culture (as opposed to oral). In contradiction, English is rarely handwritten anymore. Thus I begin to write in English.Memory:When living an active life one forgets to introspect on memory. I think it may be fun to see if any shared experiences effected me.Met at Dada school:I believe you came one day,New Years(?) at farmhouse:Barbecued at your houseAlishan trip:Tomorrow:Tell leaving, doesn't matter where. 0937950555Wonder taidong, see organizations? Feel it out, then head south a little from taidong then head north in the valley.9/19:The Ami people are able to be satisfied by just having food and housing. Isn't that enough? (And love and teaching?). I currently have no desires. Perhaps this is the first time. I've never had this feeling of, what to do in life, I always just did.Why am I not building a gazebo as I wanted to, or architect a small house. There is no point, these things exist and one can rent it. If knowledge of a technology exists, it becomes quite difficult not to use it. There must be reason, like avoiding the labor of many Chinese labor hours.I should be helping Taiwan'a tourism industry, thinking about why societies collapse and protest, why current societies came to be. Or helping people survive, making and implementing machines to do the work for people. Developing societies.Other than helping communities, what is there to life?To talk, to play, to have fun, while helping communities. Work should be fun.Somewhere I stopped playing. I stopped playing games, stopped even playing new games and playful events, stopped talking, began reading, and eventually read so much that I forgot how to play, to do nothing as Jeams said, to just live, without a purpose.With my infinite todo lists and goals, I've done nothing. I was more progressive when playing. Play and make games, talk and document it, always create? Creating is not everything, sometimes playing is enough.I should live with the Ami poeple, or live like one. Fish, eat fish, sleep, don't wonder why, don't think, play in nature. I haven't done this in ages.When not playing, and I see people playing and it always makes me happy. Playing is creative. Copying, observing societies and people is not. I need to just do things again.Science jobs? Just some kind of chore? Get my mind off of people and the world?Many times in life I would see (through art or reality) people struggle, and this is often the motivational force to work more. But it worked so much toward this that I forgot how to live. To take a child out, to feed a baby, to walk an elderly person, to cook(?), to exercise--not just for the sake of working more. I never had to do these things, spoiled, able to wander and play freely, but at some time that turned into work, without free time. And i never learned how to maintain a relationship beyond a roommate, which is still my favorite kind.Did the social relations of a city destroy me? Are family relations the norm because that is a good kind of social relation?I miss being at home, in College Park. I've thought about it so many times recently, during this trip in Taiwan.Do I write because I have no one to talk to? At night because I have no control of my actions?Or should I strive for all those ideas I wrote in the past?I miss my playful self.9月十七號：Morning coffee:早上需要窗戶，音樂？不用。只需要社會。社會跟目標。第一是目標，第二是社會。總是寫字，感覺比較舒服。啊，這早餐店真舒服。我自己做的速度最好。我自己推動。聽書，看書，寫字，讀書，想，寫思想，說話，不需要走得快。 ：） 這是最好的生活。--我有太多東西。浪費時間。我得感覺比較自由。...?—While riding the scooter from Yilan to Hualien:While riding, along the same route as my last trip on the east coast in Taiwan, along that mountainous route with two lanes often filled with trucks, I felt the knowledge from JRPGs come. This time, mores Final Fnatasy VII because I saw that there was a remake on Facebook. But it was no different. The areas and objects I saw were more clearly derived from JRPG games: the large factory out in rural areas that seemed like one from Midgar, the mountainous highways with tunnels resembling some Miyazaki or Koreeda film — perhaps they geography is similar to Japan because it is an island —, the hippie retreats, bland railroad towns, coastal towns, cities. I was happy to be outside of the city flying in an airship, likewise, I was happy to be outside scootering.A thought from the Art and Zen of motorcycle maintenance popped up: Do I enjoy riding a bike, scooter, bus, and whatever else, because I am able to consume without the thought of work? Using money to buy things such as food and tea instead of doing these things myself? They are so easy to make, I should do them myself. Why is playing a game doing these things more fun? Is it? Perhaps I seek new knowledge.I lack the motivation last time. I’m not interested in studying Chinese, or the people around me which triggered Humans of Taiwan, or protests and civil action which was inspired by the protest.Perhaps I need to constantly consume these things — people, news, films of people struggling, to be constantly inspired. I used to walk outside from morning to night, fascinated by what people did, examining cause and effect, wondering how the current state of society came to be.After the protest, I was motivated to take action. Use skills to advance societies, my neighborhood, my friends, a city, a country. There were so many ideas. So much squander.I failed to find a house and I gave up? I fought so much for that little perfect space, but never got it.But I also didn’t want to follow other’s ideas. I have my own. I need to follow my own beliefs. I left travel books during my first trip, but now I need to leave society too. Go on my own. Write on my own. Talk. Do things. Forget the world. It runs on it’s own. It’s amazing. But there’s a billion more things to do.But can I do it on the east coast? Alone? It’s dead out there. I don’t know anyone. Will I befriend the people around me like a Miyazaki film? Will I open to people? Or do I not have time for making a community again? I only know people in Taipei, and they have their own things to do. There are organizations in Taiwan, but most are likely in Taipei. It takes hours to get out of the east coast to do anything. How can that be useful?That was another interesting feeling. Time would pass without thought, creativity. I wasn’t creating grammar in Chinese. I wasn’t able to listen to Chinese radio and translate. I wasn’t able to care about Chinese lessons from the audiobook. It seems I have given up on that direction, and I just can’t force myself to do it. I go through this every time with jobs. Is there any way to solve this? Is it because the lack of social life with this direction? Or was it the direction that lead to social life? I definitely wanted to learn Chinese to talk to people, but after that I also found it fun learning in itself. Can I say the same about travel? I’ve lost all motivation, and care for up keeping social contacts, which means social time, which is the driving force in time. Life needs these deadlines to keep fighting for. Was capitalism the motivational force, or the exploration? In San Francisco I just wanted to explore; there was no time for socializing. In New York, I wanted to create, create together. Play less, make more, whilst living life (exploring, socializing, etc.). Only in Taiwan did I wake for wanting to socialize. I wanted to wake up to be with people to socialize. To be awake with my hostelmates, friends, strangers (morning market, night market, neighborhood, organizations, meetups, and so on). Was it fake? Is socializing fake? Well, during my second trip, I did more philosophizing through Humans of Taipei, and later through philosophy, so it wasn’t directed by social connections. It was just me, exploring. Constant exploration. Constant homelessness. Constant decision-making. I need to keep going. Live cheap and explore and create and talk and decide. I didn’t wasn’t to listen because I wanted to create. Despite the heat, I am more rational. I should be talking, not listening. It took such a long time to change my awareness to physical things. I felt dead inside. Not driven by anything. It is awful. There’s so much to think about: how societies develop, create technical solutions, philosophy, art, civil action, materials, creating new technology with local materials and current technology, nearby work — hospitals, construction workers, service workers, prostitution, safety, illness. So many things to help society. And I still don’t feel a fucking thing. Do I need to watch a film of someone dying to remind me? Do I need to see a prostitute get fucked? Why am I dead inside? Without societies pulls, do people die? Like being stuck in prison, the stimuli is deprived. I feel nothing. I go on robotically conforming to society? Why am I not fighting, creating, taking action? Am I not taking action? Why does action seem irrational? Why does writing seem rational? I got so much energy when talking to people, telling people of my ideas, continuing, believing in what I did, learning Chinese, taking pictures, however silly it may have been, I was doing it, quite creatively and socially. I was happy. Now I am not. A lack of direction again?Why does following a belief not feel good? Because it is not social / creative. I’m not constantly thinking and deciding. It’s work. Work is boring. I need to think, socialize, and create, while working! I need to keep reading, learning, talking. Don’t stop! Go! Go! Go!Be happy. Be happy like you were everyday in the last three trips in Taiwan. Be happy to be with great people, in a great nation. Be happy to be alive.Perhaps it was the weather that caused so many problems? It heats my body leading to bad decision-making to maintain homestasis — I shouldn’t have eaten breakfast burger and coffee, pork rice with two vegetables, two eggs, wonton soup (I actually should be using travel guides to check what local food to eat), and beer. That’s $8 in just food and drinks. That’s a phenomenal amount for Taiwan. Fuck. It should be $3. Wash up and cool down at convenience stores every few hours. It’s needed. Drink some water. Perhaps buy a tea egg. That is all that is needed.New costs: $10/night at hostel, $5 for a tank of gas, $1 for a small meal, $2 for a good sized vegetarian meal. Aim for breakfast shops with air conditioning and vegetarian buffets with air conditioning. Make your own tea. Not sure what to do about getting ice (just get a ice pop for now?).9/15Yo部落環島五樓9/？From Nillson wiki:"He worked on bank computers at night, and in the daytime pursued his songwriting and singing career""Botkin also gave Nilsson a key to his office, providing another place to write after hours""When RCA had asked if there was anything special he wanted as a signing premium, Nilsson asked for his own office at RCA, being used to working out of one."9/8Long day dream:More about having a place in a Taipei neighborhood, starting with a free space, reallocating homeless people. A small community on the east coast too, repairing houses. Arguing with people on Facebook for my reasoning. Medicine / surgery in Africa. During off time, teaching through games by NY designers, and sending a video of the teaching and playing to them.9/7我只需要運動。感覺太熱就運動。不能坐下。可是提醒用書聽人。9/6The slow, relaxing pace of YongChun market, the fresh wind, it's all I want: to relax.Paid $7 for a cab. Outrageous. Need to live close to everything, or be timely and bike or scooter.Yesterday I saw an apartment at the end of the brown line. Though far away, maybe with a scooter it will be okay.I also thought about how a large part of my experience in Taiwan is with hostels: meeting people, doing things together, living together, exchanging ideas, and even leading to work (paid and unpaid).I feel I must live in a hostel environment in a relaxing place. To work on modern things, yet still be ale to relax and be aware, and live cheaply.--Ahhh, feel so relaxed in Songshan. Just need to stay in one spot, no rush. Like slow travel.--Hmmm, Emily is quite the normal Taiwanese person. The perfect roommate / housewife, especially great for studying Chinese. At the apartment, there is no social direction toward progress: tech, politics, or anything. I have to use media to gain awareness and make change. I feel that either living in a hostel or with many people is best, but perhaps alone is better than being in a comfortable home. It reminds me of my home, I become passive. At least when I live alone I am active, constantly thinking, even if it is far from the norm, or uneven. So living alone with organizations, as I did in New York and elsewhere is not bad, but almost required, unless one lives with the people one wants to work with. If I stay with her, I would very likely avoid her in pursuit of work, prioritizing work over social time, and relaxing time.But I don't want to take time to handle an apartment either, it requires me to constantly think about it, like a business. Perhaps I can just find a shack on the east coast, and a space in Taipei.I am being stupid: for not asking for help.--I should be walking door by door asking for a place to stay.9/5The BnB lacks life compared to The Meeting Place. I people are needed for experience. It also lacks community. I don't know the others in this building or around it. I need community. Locally, of interests, of the city, and of the nation.I redreamt of having an apartment in a lively neighborhood. I moved in, put a blackboard sign outside, and wrote that people were allowed inside, and that I wanted to meet people around the neighborhood, because I care for it.This week has been a downer, waking up late, wasting time, not social. I die so quickly without a social life, it seems nearly impossible to do anything creative. But I don't require people to talk to, I just need to be in proximity. That's what keeps me normal. Whether city or neighborhood, as long as there are people around me, I feel alive.Instead of looking for an apartment, I just need to plop down in a neighborhood, a community. Talk to people. It's always been about work, and once I'm am uninterested with work I am untied to the area. I really need to attach myself to the city and neighborhood and organizations? Or be more independent again and travel. Just go to the east coast, motorcycle or not.I don't even need the city. It's too organized, making it more difficult to be creative. I just need nature and a group of people.9/3Staying at the hostel made me lazy. I had everything I needed to survive: food, water, place to sleep. It affected me negatively. I momentarily gave up. No direction, and no production within it.To maintain activity I must constantly be in a state to feel I must help society. And to do that, it is much easier to feel such a way in a less developed area with many problems, and not become accustomed to it. Struggle to create tools / tech, in a unique way, not living in a city. Living in a more rural area.--During the beginning of my trip my head was in a far more creative place. I made many decisions, thinking about sleeping in little parks, and living on a rooftop. I thought about urban planning because I moved around the city so much and felt I could improve it. I thought of the politics of Taizhong. I need to keep my head in these things, constantly experience, use books and media, talk to organizations, stay social and keep these problems in mind. I must not blindly follow society.—At the BnB, I indulged in some media (LCD Soundsystem, other music and articles Pitchfork) media. I haven’t done that in some time. It felt quite similar to times I’ve had my own space: my room in my parent’s house, my apartment in San Francisco and New York. I waste time in these kind of spaces. Not that I waste time in other spaces. Though, it felt quite a relief to consume some media, so perhaps it’s not such a waste. It’s good to be engaged with reality, but it’s also nice to catch up on some media, watch a film, listen to music, really getting into it, into another world, finishing it entirely in one session. This is something difficult to do in Asian cities with so much distraction, but too easy in homes or quiet spaces. I find balancing this quite difficult. A problem with my inability to experience media fully with others around.With media, I feel I want to copy the media, and want to do it: make a film, music, games. Perform it. It’s not creative, far from my philosophical time, where I accepted less things about society and reality and made a massive amount of decisions.Alone, I am too focused. Not taking in all of reality, everybody. A lack of community? A lack of life. Deviating too much. Becoming a robotic, slave for capitalism.8/31Falling into society. Not thinking creatively. Instead of creating a house, I think of finding a nice one and renting it. Not good.8/30Where in development is the passion lost and where is nonsense awarded.8/28It was indeed the hostel experience, talking to people, going out together, living together. Though it feels good, I am avoiding it for better thoughts and work.It does however give me energy, reminds me to go out, reminds me to talk, and in general stay closer to a social norm, resulting in a happier mood.8/27Ugh, no money, no CouchSurfing hosts. Public transportation failure. Unable to live without scooter in Taizhong, and probably Tainan and Gaoxiong too. Really need walkable neigjborhoods, like those in New York, San Francisco, and the old ones in Taipei. Disabled people would be unable to get anywhere.My focus is too strong, I'm forgetting to be aware and positive of the creations around me.Also forgetting to read books as a way to talk about things I want to talk about.8/27Another good night's sleep. Windows were thick and closed, air conditioner was ok. The world was far away. Isolation.The weather in Taizhong is far more comfortable than Taipei.I checked San Francisco's weather, it has nearly twice as much sunlight hours than Taipei and --After a good sleep I woke up spontaneously at around 10:30am, something I was unable to do in Taipei. I also felt that I woke up in a different country, a different place. Near Fengjia university and market in Taizhong, I feel I don't have to think about finding good food or drinks, there are a plethora nearby. It is convenient.It also feels that people have time. There's a place called "game box" near my hostel that's says kinect games. There's less of a rush. Life is good, not as much of a struggle, or so it feels.The weather may also be the reason I feel good. It's rainy season, but I feel dryer. Not by much, but maybe better.--Hmmm, did I just face the difference between a customer and a human? Was I denied a room twice because of money? What happened to the humane side of Taiwan?All this hospitality is just one of their only ways to secure cash because they are not skilled otherwise.--Foreigners are treated well, so long as they remain in their foreigner box. It's when we try to move out, to participate, that we encounter suddenly increased friction.Taipei, for all its flaws, is still a way more interesting place than taichung. What exactly is there to do in Taichung? Hang out at the splendor? Attend a closed nightclub? Hang out with gangsters at massage parlor? Not much there. Good weather, yes. Besides that, not a lot.That being said, it is a long, long drive from Kaohsiung city up into the further northern reaches of its' Taoyuan district. It is much quicker to get from Tainan city to say, Nanxi district using highway 3 and then up to Tseng-wen reservoir (and from there up into Alishan district).Talking to Kumiko, I feel at ease, on time, and somewhat normalized. I daydreamed that when she came, I had a scooter to pick her up from the airport. I took a week off of work so that we could go outdoors through the mountains south of Taipei to the east, camping, talking, hitching, volunteering.--我不知道我感覺我在郊區。空間多--Health insurance Taipei*Health insurance USA我剛想出來的東西 ，城區的計畫，那因為我喜歡住在外面。改變沙發surf的日期台北市只有老公寓，別的地方不好或不感覺臺灣的文化。第八課就護照得到以後：看醫生，在醫院，查檢體See Barrett's apartment  - too far?Now. Go to east coast / find housingq星期三：Bike every morning, use Chinese every morning。需要跟人聊天。需要工作。Tell mile, stay one more day!1. See Craigslist and tealit3. Call apartments from 591.4. Call apartments that I saw a sign for5. Continue to seeing apartments. 591 / housefun / begin calling. See how 16000 apartments look like. Worth having a roommate or two? Near liuzhangli only. Going to songshan is tiring? I haven't seen datong and Wanhua in the morning. I must eat outside as an everyday Taiwan experience. I must be outside. I need the outside life! Work on the streets, parks, etc. I need people.星期四：5. Repair phone? Fast? Ezza. Thick cover? Anker shop? Wait until I have money. No need yet.tell guy yes/no to Tonghua apartment  - 給他打電話，看過沒有招牌  - 找他的電話號碼591http://www.591.com.tw/rentbeg-detail-162619.html電腦太重，需要比較好的書包，或拿出來東西今天：兩點：  - 問他他的房子全部多少錢 - 16000塊 - 7500，6000， 5000。    - costs 15000+ for a good apartment, then charge two people for 8000.    - or just rent, or live in a very cheap room (5000)* 宿舍是9000。我最喜歡宿舍，其次自己住？ 比較active。宿舍只有說話的人。大部分的時間沒有意思，也不工作。工作以後，宿舍比酒吧好。給房子的人打電話    - 大同，社子，萬華，10000ntd不錯。這三個區是最老的鄰居Take cheapest 591 / tealit / craigslist temporarily.* - this is a really good idea. Fuck CS, hostels, etc. Pay a little extra for one near southeast! But must be in a neighborhood. So hospitable space in an old Taiwan neighborhood. FB that one guy. Get shit done dawg.*. - quite a good idea, but may feel isolated.Eat rice and vegetables at a 自助餐！買/泡茶。運動。星期三：找ARC找工作7/1https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mVa6ai1qtT8Bring playfulness back to real human beings.Talked to Xintian all night. Felt comfy. Not fighting for survival or time. But I should. I should be talking to local people, getting knowledge from the world, living in communities striving, traveling, creating. What happene to all of those ideas? We're they just daydreams? I need to keep trying, struggling. The world is socially fucked up; I should be a surgeon, politician, model. The city is too much to be aware of. Or maybe I need to keep walking and talking. Talk to everyone.No, I just need to think more. Read more?7/1What happened to the father raw material and sell idea? The cook Indian food and sell at buffet? Where has my motivation gone? I need people. A social direction. A library? I can think of ideas but can't execute them in the public. Only in private. Well, at the moment. I used to be able to do Humans of Taipei! It's a matter of being aware of others. Right now, in less aware. No social connections. At the Meeting Place I'm aware and desire to do things with others.I need to go back to my philosophic lonely mode. Wander the world, or taiwan. Taiwan still has infinite trails and things to do. Taipei has brought me down.I need to get active again! No hostels? Shouldnt matter where I am.修理我的短褲。找日本的藝術，公司。去說話，那裡？meeting place？NTU？去旅行吧。Design museum? Lame. Live!Books. Yes.Taidong? Yes.Travel! Yes.Use visa run to find cool organizations. Japan? Korea? First world? Cafe / hostel? Teach? Small towns in Taiwan? Just stop and go? Academic? Fishing pole, bikes, scooters, tools, circuit boards, etc. need to create! Forget the city. Live in small towns.為什麼我不用中文？因為我總是決定，不用語言說出來，只有做一下。https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_cascadeHerd Behavoir: Thus the herd appears as a unit in moving together, but its function emerges from the uncoordinated behavior of self-serving individuals.The Metropolis and Mental Life" (1903), early sociologist George SimmelAhhh, just sitting on a couch on the street is perfect, materially exactly what I desire: to think and live simultaneously. Better than any cafe because it is not enclosed in a space. I can breathe here. I need this, this undefinable space where being in the public is okay, and comfortable. A neighborhood. Not an apartment, not a library, just the social acceptance of being outside, sitting, talking. Perhaps the city is not for me. I'm a small town guy.Perhaps the city is not for me. A social space is: a hostel common room, my bedroom, a hipster cafe, the streets. I need to stop and talk, like these smokers and coffee drinkers do. It eases the mind, brings out thoughts, instead of being uptight.Is my delire to be on the ground cause by my childhood of being on the ground? Biking forever. Single story school. Two story house. Only going upstairs to sleep. The ground is where people are, and that's where I want to be. Maybe it's a social effect.What makes a good space? On the first floor? Common room. Attracts all people (not exclusive). In a neighborhood. Accessibility? Less important, I would commute to a good home. People. Without people, what is a home?People come home to their family, their old town, their neighborhood.I like this neighborhood, but I don't have people here. My people are at home (parents) and New York. I need to make friends again. Start over.What labor does a social space provide? Anything is possible, as long as the people are excited, creating new ideas, new work.--Biking in the city is gross, and ignored the world. I would rather bike in nature. Nature is also gross, yet somehow feels cleaner. Bugs instead of grit. For the first time in quite some time I felt like another city goer, doing their thing, ignoring everyone else. What's the point of living together if no one knows each other. I'd rather be in a small town, a neighborhood. Biking with music is like being in a gym, no thoughts, not thinking of cause and effect, not thinking but doing. It's all a waste, not an experience, no decision making.If I can't bike or walk to everywhere I need, then I wouldn't want to live there. Getting lazy? Transportation shouldn't matter as long as it's cheap.I think I just want to sit and talk and create, as opposed to wandering for s house. Such a waste of time and thought.Hostels are a good space, but not public (costs money, and sometimes excludes local people). Cafes can be a good space but are not public (costs money and commodity). Neighborhoods are a good space, and public. Cities are a public space, but many parts may make one feel socially unwanted (it is up to the people to feel free to do as they want).When I am with people I want to get away. When I am away, I want to get with people, but on working terms.12000 corner apartment, only if less than one year, otherwise JVs is better.12000 JVs, with kitchen, ac, people, common room, private dormXindian at night is like Midgar at night, a haunting mass of slum and huge apartment complexes along a dirty tributary. I played an 8 tracks mix to fit the mood, quite an experience. I biked for many hours until my body was tired. It's been some time since i gave into throwing time into play. It felt great; freely biking through the dead streets.Tonghua makes me peaceful for a night and a day. Maybe because it's the weekend, but I feel great. Physically and mentally healthy. Not in a rush. I could read, work, have city life, just missing some nature.JVs hostel provides air conditioner and peace and sunlight. It's all I need. Perhaps Taidong is better if this is what I want.So not sure if it's good to live this close to people, or away to create ideas, Pens one day in tonghua and ask for spaces from local people.hey sophie.Instead of going to taidong, I've made a last minute decision to stay in Taipei for the weekend to search for apartments (hopefully landlords are free). I'm hoping maybe CS is better as opposed to hostels, where people's intention is to travel. It also seems you've got quite the library, so that would be fun to see. I'm sure you know of neighborhoods and getting a storefront shop, which I may get too.Anyway, i understand this is last minute, and likely will be unable to respond, so no worries!Order charger to JVs*Couchsurf - worth $33?套房，他應該給我照片If the cost of housing is low, then you can afford to go to a cheap cafe見面老人 4pm找通化房子的電話看報告去景美的房子去松山的房子去新店找房子的時候，給爸爸打電話First floor to feel a part of the city. No barrier between us. Fifth floor makes it isolated. Yes, this is way better. It's a hassle to take material to roof. Need to stay grounded. Bike straight out the house / shop!達仁 to 旭海，有便宜的宿舍老房子的咖啡Living in the city is how I stay in reality. VA isn't lively enough. Alone I will resort to media, philosophy, theory. In the city, I live in reality, and I have to isolator myself from it to think creatively.6/24Getting a stamp of captain falcon at a store I stumbled upon my way to repair this mobile phone. It reminds me that an experience in the city is only a block away. I really do want to live in a nice neighborhood in the city. Nothing more.Perhaps it's because the residential area around the shop is calm, little to no traffic, I can focus, while still being a part of the local culture, sitting outside on the street, interacting with people.6/23?Thought fondly of a place on the east coast, gathering materials, selling in Taipei. Having a loft in taipei with tatami, and a house in taidong, within scooter proximity of wild springs in canyons, and a beach to snorkel in (can do that in lanyu!).Yes, that would be perfect.Spray paint and stencil cars that turn right.Car horn for bicycles.Keep creating!Tonghua apartment to, tonghua boards, call linguang, Apple Store, xindian / southeast. Have day markets?Today:Plan large apartmentTomorrow:Call large apartmentsCall Daan guy,6/10房子：最重要的特性是大空，因為沒有冷氣，我不喜歡圖書館，宿舍太貴，hackerspace跟fablab沒有那麼多的空，也不是二十四小時，我覺得我的紐約的地方最好，有空，冰箱，什麼的，可是如果我在家裡做事，我還可能不用台灣的空。要電視？，學中文，或廣播自助餐附近別的東西感覺舊的台灣的文化 - 通化，萬華，社子，松山跟宿舍人，我感覺比較積極，想要換到台灣，住在所有的地方，比較自由自在7. Read and call boards, ask if has / can use rooftop.- 松山*(?)  tel:0953987506 馬路 - 0227674917，呂太太, not picking up, maybe too late松山：0922-408-199， 虎林街，五點. Meh. Above tonghua, not good housing.To 591 notes:Use mobile website, Taipei, 5000-10000, sort by ping12. Post at libraries, parks*, schools, everywhere (don't need bulletin board)  - post at restaurants  - post in public spaces / NGOs / NTU* / hipster cafes (where relatively smart people would go, artists, hipsters, etc.)    - 我最愛的咖啡店* - 沒有錢。給同事們打電話，用不用信用卡。    - 在通化街，自助餐，老人去那邊    - 小的公園--泡溫泉  - tell sorry！Reply gmails*Humans of Taipei20. 90 day Taiwan, get ARC before then! 22. Send $1.00 to Charles in Taizhong / review 23. review meeting place Send Taiwan number to dad*Voicemail and animal games*Respond to bike sale問我的哥哥送我的書到這裡。也雨傘包起來。去東邊旅行，看看花蓮，台東。誰對我創造的用台灣的旅行書，也用網路。回答csMoney?To package:What happened to braided lightning cable? Lost it? Maybe at home?See old lady - two rooms, walk aroundWellcomeQuick 591 map1. 試試檢查。2. 在戶外店買書包套。沒有。給戶外店打電話。3. Use 591 to check for lofts in the city, 20pings not needed, just a common room and windows. Can do while traveling.4. Call people to say no.5. Live in Tapei and use public spaces until I get my own space? Tutor english for little money? No! Get out, don anything. Don't restrict self to the space. Learn to be free from the small space.-  3. Re  - Can't. Check online solutions.  -  protect cable end - google solutions, see tiny local shops.  今天： 1. 在上網定購充電器   - 檢查背包   - 到宜蘭的宿舍 預定伍樓三天多，告訴問題 3. 給房東打電話 4. 給媽媽打電話 - apply for visitor visa? From phillipines.   - check where it is easiest and places I want to travel - new goal: Get apartment by 7/6*Night: letter to Mandy, review meeting place and airbnb- linguang- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=2&room=&area=&kind=2&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3360934&hash=16 shezi, ask roof， only husband wife, or female- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=2&room=&area=&kind=2&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3393441&hash=19 ask if it has a roof! Not picking up, emailed. Try calling again later. Datong.- Great yafang, http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=2&room=&area=&kind=4&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3444869&hash=0- Xindian http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=3&sectionidStr=34&price=2&room=&area=&kind=1&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3394127&hash=1 10k, rooftop, can see area- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=3&sectionidStr=34&price=2&room=&area=&kind=2&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3412480&hash=1 in the area where the girl from Dulan lives, can't because it requires bus? Should be bikeable / walkable! Can see area- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=3&room=&area=&kind=1&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3434579&hash=3 - shezi roof- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=3&room=&area=&kind=1&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3443932&hash=10 - xinyi roof, meh, so far to bike.- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=3&room=&area=&kind=1&shape=&firstRow=30&houseId=R3446169&hash=1 - shezi roof- far in xindian, beautiful space, http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=3&sectionidStr=34&price=3&room=&area=&kind=1&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3415775&hash=4- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=3&room=&area=&kind=1&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3434579&hash=4 shezi， 今天晚上九點會知道買不買。- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=3&room=&area=&kind=1&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3392212&hash=18 east xinyi, see lighting- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=3&room=&area=&kind=1&shape=&firstRow=0&houseId=R3450786&hash=26 10000 信義- ？ 萬華， okay，feels like the Chinatown of Taipei, nothing going on there. Not nearly as much energy as inner city.- http://m.591.com.tw/mobile-detail.html?version=1&type=rent&regionid=1&sectionidStr=&price=3&room=&area=&kind=1&shape=&firstRow=30&houseId=R3446169&hash=6 , shezi, with kitchen, 4pm- 631Mandy的地址：桃園市八德區廣福路1023號Train / daytime:Apply OCI  - 用我的手機試試申請Call scooter people, tell no way to get it? Or ask more Taiwan friends  - 跟他們說真的問題。沒辦法買。因為我猜我的朋友怕，我被交通事故了。後天：More aparment hunting.  - hospital  - call people, see outer neighborhood:    - 看新店嗎？    - 看東南的地地區嗎？      - 我覺得社子已經遠了。空間得裡u bike站近，要不然多人沒辦法來。  - 帶我的箱子到宜蘭。    - 帶的話，我沒辦法帶全部東西。Current choices:SheZiWanhuaTonghua yeshiPackage:- light poncho? Check if I brought any. Can get from home* ask mom to send with license.Pay credit card  - 沒有錢，給爸爸打電話Call credit card  - check minimum payment  - 問他們forgive meWrite thoughts: female coworker / ideal, rap / social art, back to tech and work, sex article, time off from social world, play, space, time managementTell Daan guy don't like area, only residential. But really like the apartment. Not near any market!Tell old lady I like it and the area is not too bad, but requires a lot of work to make it look good. Want to look again.Still a good thought / direction:- if not, go anyway, take tent- 廟，學校，搭便車- 我怕，太熱。需要冰塊，冰水。- 找NGOs  - 用cs，airbnb去，在超級市場買食物14. Live with family, aboriginals, etc  - walden! Need to read again.  - toward wulai?Get ARC?  - $30/year? 3 year arc?  - 	1.1	A foreigner whose spouse is a national residing in the Taiwan Areas with household registration or with granted residence, or who is granted residence or permanent residence. However, this does not apply to a foreigner whose foreign spouse granted residence is subject to the provisions prescribed in items 8-10 of paragraph 1 of article 46 of the Employment Services Act via permission from the central labor competent authority.  - joining family residence visa  - http://bismarckintainan.blogspot.ca/2013/03/application-for-taiwanese-joining.html?m=1 :   - The JFRV is a very useful document as you are no longer at the whim of employers for your residence and have open work rights, which means you no longer need a work permit and can work anywhere you can get a job, or not work at all (If you want to study full-time or are at retirement age or whatever your individual case may be).  However, the JFRV makes you vulnerable in another way.  It is dependent on your spouse and becomes void should you divorce or should your spouse pass away.  - http://taipeiguide.blogspot.tw/2007/05/marriage-in-taiwan.html?m=1 - good guideChinese practice!Chinese news!Go traditional market hunting!Need air conditioner, shower is not enough* - air conditioner is indeed better than shower.11. Use google maps to check for roofs and small house13. 研究跟台灣人結婚  - 送女生結婚的信14. 看電影15. 送有人我的成屋的計畫想出來的東西17. climb mountains？每個週末19. Create map over google maps of neighborhoods and useful points。貼在我的房子。21. Daily: check houses on 591 and housefun vs being active and finding a place by talking23. Suresh uncle flash drive*24. Try to find Chinese book torrent / pdf (try entering Chinese characters)25. See rice and friends26. See Dada school with Mandy28. FB all Taiwan friends  - Brahmin30. Photo / thoughts project31. News - Taiwan local32. No todo list ethics!33. Cog Sci, MIT, thinking fast and slow34. Sell bike35. Find jobs  - Try 104, could be fun way to Taiwanese society?37. Check memory card / test38. Go to eslite4. Get Jane Jacobs! Read more books! Talk more. Write more.Passport:放在塑料袋裡面，或者買防水袋，戶外的地方IDL:Check status- post office receipt in walletOr skip and get ARCARC1. Marry?  - ask around for people  - post in public spaces  - Need to make better social connections and vibe with local Taiwanese peopleNeed passportNeed health report  - get old health report from hospital near eastmost station  - Need passport. Any hospital is fine.3. Then can get health insurance!? Woo!Need criminal record?OCI:Need passportCheck visa exempt, maybe don't need!passport.gov.in/oci/welcome, U34366*From old todo list:WanhuaPhoto / thoughts project  - too much thinking and not doing?Download Chinese books (not just audio)*FB Ben ServissGoals:Apartment, even if temporary? Need a noisy, active place. So cheap hostel, or apartment in noisy area, or go east and find a nice community. A place I can wonder and learn Chinese, help the community.Conclusion:Get cheap short term Taipei from 591 (with ac!)? In Liuzhangli, or some other neighborhood in the south. Ask for short term ($10/day), noise of Liuzhangli! vs the meeting place vs comfortable east coast.13. Take scooter around Taiwan, with poncho(s) and books. Put ebooks onto phone. Go clockwise. Go to libraries. But use phone to meet organizations. Really need to use Chinese. May need to use Chinese websites. Or just walk into buildings!14. Find Taiwan NGOs, create path around Taiwan meeting them...Work with Taiwan, or MIT在北投好累的人Couchsurf public trip:Heyo, I should probably practice Chinese as I haven't used it for a year. If you need English, just message me, or have fun with whatever Google Translate says.嘿！我打算去台中看一下。我要住在台灣，可是我還沒決定那裡。我出年以前來台灣玩，然後學中文。大部分的時間我住了在台北，一個老的鄰里裡面。我覺得我出年休案了。可是這次我覺得天氣好煩，也有的時候不感覺我住在台灣，因為發展太大。那是我的理由我想看台中。美術，小事件爬山，城市發展，我對都有興趣（語法的問題？）,可是我只要去玩，玩著我會感覺到。我希望在城市漫遊，認識人，說話，租車逃避。https://www.couchsurfing.com/people/amy.hsieh--Piano Japanese music, folk, write thoughtsMore policing in Taipei. Must avoid nature as place to sleep; tropical weather has all sorts of bugs. Must find artificial open space, then just sleep on the floor. Easy.--Hualien has quite a bit more rain than Taidong. Hualien has the highest amount of aboriginals.Taidong has same amount of rain as Gaoxiong, but less sun.After June 22, sun comes out. So the problem is before that. Starting from winter? Rainy for all of Taiwan, but little more sun in Taizhong, and even more in Gaoxiong.--Just a day away from people and I already feel like living with people again. Perhaps it is not possible for me to live without sharing a home. I need to talk. I need to stop moving. I need others to talk, so I push myself away to do my own things.Or perhaps having a house is just stupid, it's better to live where one's direction is. Keep talking and creating.If I get a place in Taipei, will that mean I won't live in small towns? Taidong? Venture into hot springs, mountains, islands, for multi day trips? Not live and work in these places? Not help develop these places?--the space of Taipei medical school is a relief. The air smells wonderful near the mountains. I really do need both, away from the city.Why did Bhaktapur Nepal feel so great? Because there was space. I could hike forever and come back at night, then do programming, living off local food. In some ways, San Francisco accomplished the same thing at a higher cost. So what I really need is space and a cheap place to live, with cheap food nearby. A home.Too much choices nearby throws me off. I need a simple small town to focus on media, and the life around. Perhaps cities are too complex.--Can change mileage, must check ID, year, on paper?Bade second time.Yamaha Vino, 2003, 5000, can trade in laterKymco jog, 10000, 15000, 2007Kymco 50, 4000, 15000, 2007+--Bade rd first timeKymco go in 50, 28000, 11 years oldGlide--Daan roadVino, 36000, 10000, looks about as old as the $5000 one.--5/17Woke up late, again. Bike some more, again. This time from the mountain near Gongguan to Linguang to Taipei Medical University to some place behind it to Songshan to the east of that, and back.It seems that the old apartments contain the most dense amount of Taiwanese culture. One could live in one of those neighborhoods forever, and always feel as if one lives in Taiwanese society. The density of the old apartments flows to the density of their day and night market: They are the heart of the culture.For Taipei, most exist along the rivers. Songshan, Wanhua, Shezi, are all along rivers. Only Liuzhangli is away, closer to the mountains.5/16I biked a lot again. Through another neighborhood in Taipei. They’re all the same. It doesn’t matter which to live in. It’s a matter of mind.Space is influenced by society. Of what is private and what is public. It is up to the person to view it all as public. Beyond the public spaces viewed by society, a person’s mind must see the rest as public.When everything is viewed as a private space, the mind is constrained. One feels as if one must be at their home, or friend’s house, or pay to be in a public space. And society pushes people to conform to society. Instead of sleeping along the river, under the bridge, on a roof, people are pushed by society to pay for space.Befriending people and sleeping in their space is a much better route, but requires being in social contact with that person. Few people allow anyone to sleep for any period of time.So where does a person who doesn’t want to be a part of any social life at the moment live? Outside.—Back to living spaces and spaces for events. It is not required to live outside or near the edge of a city, such as shezi in Taipei. I’ve already had the thought: artists live on the edge of cities to ease the process of having an idea and actualizing it. To purge oneself of all of the social conformities, and problems with it. To think from a purely creative perspective.Yet, not all people take this route. In New York, many great artists live in the city. They just lock themselves in a small space and use media as a way to alter their mindset. When they emerge from the little dwellings, they see New York in a different way, and actualize their ideas.So, I don’t need to live so far from the city. Unless, of course, it’s more cost-effective. Though, I believe being cost-effective is more of problem of control, rather than creativity. [Remember buying $5 roast chicken in New York?]. Then again, hedonism is associated with creativity too. Hedonism should not be in the form of city things, should it? Only the artificial? No, the city is human nature.Still, I believe I don’t need to live so far from the city. An old neighborhood is enough to feel a different society, and draw inspiration and motivation from everyday. A large, old neighborhood where one can walk through alleys endlessly, before the infinite copy commercial street starts. Also a bike path to get away from that society, get fresh air, and some adrenaline, to think without distraction.Though creating a bike path is also a matter of mind. In New York, I made up paths everyday. Every street was a bike path.—Shezi is like a small roadside town, with bike paths around it, and huge vacant parks. It doesn’t really have nature jobs such as mining or logging, but it does have a little farming and car shops. Closer to the city are older buildings, a nice traditional day and night market. Maybe belongs to my top 3 neighborhoods to live in.I can store things in a terrace or rooftop, hold events, exhibitions, arcade, watch films, whatever. Though these things can be done outside, or in any public space, the problem of time comes. With a space of my own, materials can be stored indefinitely, and the space is open as long as I am there, or, I can put a camera, and keep it open anyway.The difference between a private and public space is a sign outside that welcomes everyone.Is a large space necessary? Jams, talks, and unique exhibitions can be done at my space (rooftop or terrace — doesn’t even have to be mine, can be a neighbors). A large space is only needed for either a popular thing (large audience) or a large exhibition (architecture, etc.). The city’s spaces will have to do for large events.The problem of putting things in a public space is a matter of material being stolen. The problem of stealing is a matter of society. Should things be locked up in a space? Or should there be a sign outside that says “outdoor exhibition”, “please do not steal”. It’s a matter of trust.—Though biking around Taipei at night is wonderful, during the day it is not. It is full of traffic and distractions. Being able to get away during the day may be needed. A path that goes into the mountains, to nowhere.One can adapt to live anywhere. Finding space, cheap food, work, etc. Should one be able to choose where to live?Adapting to a hole in the wall without a hole to see the sun is not something one should adapt to, unless tearing the wall is a part of adapting.I thought there was a tendency to live in proximity to friends. Is it because right now I lack a social life that I want to live away from society? Perhaps if I were a part of something, I’d want to live closer.--Looking at spaces on the east coast, i saw a house and a new three story building, with an open story on then third floor with rooftop. Both seemed great, but I could already feel the lack of neighborhoodliness. I wouldn't know the neighbors as I know those around my neighborhood park and day market. The lack of population density is the problem. Luckily, Taiwan rarely becomes less dense. One has to go quite far for houses to appear. I think an apartment is enough, with a terrace or rooftop.5/14Days pass. Slept too much during the morning and day. Sometimes for 12 hours. Too hot to wake up? No sunlight? It's the opposite as before where I fed on Taiwan: socially, materially, creatively, anyway possible. There was so much to do: Humans of Taiwan, night market games, meetups, travel, philosophy, sociology, hanging out with friends, learning language, volunteering, teaching, politics. I was soaking it all in. I was a part of it. I wanted to be a part of it. It's all gone now. I'm a lazy suburbanite, for the moment.5/11Biked through the old neighborhood at night. Nothing too interesting. Perhaps the past was just about the experience of being with people after all. Though the old neighborhood is still the best I know in Taipei, I think I would rather find an old traditional area with more greenery and neighborhood, with kids running around.Taipei at night felt too developed. The space has been used to create what now exists. It's not inviting to new ideas to formulate.I didn't dig into others lives, socially. Perhaps this is what makes life dull: working without social life.I didn't think about morals, politics, sociology, as I normally do. Didn't fight for it either. Fight to improve it. People surely are getting fucked in Taiwan, but it's hard to see in the happiness.My mind isn't in a creative mode either. Not thinking of tech, games, films, or anything. Not mixing culture and art. Not mixing material and experience.I felt physically incredible biking through xinyi, but hollow. It's been a long time since I've physically exhausted myself in the city, not thinking, riding on society without much thought. Perhaps the apartment has made me think less of the things around.--Need to find a place near traditional markets, self service buffet, near a ubike station (maybe not necessary), close to nature, away from development.5/?Taiwan also lacks creativity. Though they may seem creative, with their spaces with found materials, it is not. They only have some taste, like San Francisco. It is neither deep nor complex. Only functional and cute. Few think about how society came to be, instead just live in it. Whatever the work or religion there may be, it is rarely chosen. Their knowledge pool is popular, rarely specific. They don't know about circuits, urban planning, anarchy. They just take whatever ideas work and integrates it.5/8From a paper I wrote during this day at Songshan airport.I am definitely influenced by society. It can push or make complacent. China pushed me, physically it was difficult to reach homeostasis. Mentally, it was difficult to help. One needs to make high-level decisions, yet it could surely damage human condition.China’s general default attitude is to…

5/5
[Land in Taiwan]