Random
Lunch Box like Indian metal

Tether and use laptop outside. Unlock iPhone? Cons?


The most important problem is not being solved. Why care about anything else?

Combine video games film and music

Idea: News ordered by importance. One page. Make this happen.

Idea: News timeline. Gather information from Wikipedia.

Idea: Music video. Video first.

Create a logo and signature

Blazer and jackets like Dionel

90s toonami crossfire nostalgia over childhood tv. Use daft punk as toonami robot. Use real life dialogue of kids enthusiastic about tv episodes. Use commercials, any cartoon. Make a light comedy or ridiculous bu make sure it feels real, nostalgic. 3 generations discussing about my generation's cartoons. About how stupid it was. Secretly missing it. Look out the window after downtalking the cartoons with friends. Dialogue matching or segue to video. 

Could use real footage of tv or make my own.

Or have generations compete for which is best.

Apollo brown

You will learn that one can either surrender responsibility for ones action to the rest of the social organism, or that one can take control by flexing the muscles of the will common to us all, affecting our environment positively and responsibly.

Pin hoodie to make a suit

Fruit or veggie smoothies or just buy one from trader joes

Startups, jobs in creative fields, public transportation, weather, film, music

Video game music like Ragnarok

Cities with diverse population, good public transit, creative schools and jobs.

Living in the city satisfied my hunger. My hunger for variety, diversity, creativity. I've experienced the lifeless corporate life. Now, I need to focus on the real stuff--a career and a girl.

Technical jobs require intelligence, patience, a clear head, and passion. Creative jobs require an idea and the ambition to follow through with it.

Is it possible to have three careers and be successful at all of them? Maybe if I get to the point of success for one, I can then try another.

Keep watching, listening, playing, and thinking. Don't work for More than 8 hours unless I love it. All that time I dug deep into the Internet to find amazing media counts a experience. I can separate quality from cliche with ease.

Watchmen comic with real photos.

Take video, then make a comic out of it. Could even use a movie.

Can mix movie frames and real life frames.

Kids playing superhero. Then use movie frames.

Alternate frames like watchmen chapter one. Start with kids only frames.

Spend 4 hours doing. Website, filmmaking, music making, going through with ideas, game making

All contests

Movie about the psychology of a kid which makes his or her mother send him or her to a foster home. End with foster paper process, credits on the papers.

Media with less content but more quality is better than the opposite. This applies to indie games, short films, and probably even in poems or short stories. Often creative ideas are pitched within these short media.

Is it because the public is exposed to 1 and a half hour movies that they find 30 minute and 4 hour films radical? What is it that makes people think that anything away from the standard is bad or weird? Is it because they want to fit in and agree with their friends, afraid of straying away? Afraid of being different.

Is there a genetic difference between creative people and everyone else? Or is everyone creative, but people restrain their creativity to fit the normal social construct.

Donald Glover repeatedly says in his raps, "I'm different," as an advantage over others.

I agree. Being different has an advantange over being the same.

I wonder if this attributes to my loner personality. I enjoy everything without the need of sharing with friends. I don't need someone to go out and eat or watch a movie. Gladly I have creative friends that agree with a good portion of ideas, and have their own opinions on the things we don't agree upon. Yet, we can appreciate each others opinions.

Appreciation. That's what it's about. Appreciating differences.

For example, my dad is able to appreciate me. He allowed me to do the things I want with little interference. I'm the oddball of the family, and he's okay with it.   Never forcing me to follow the guidelines. Or maybe I just kept constantly breaking the guidelines and then became as I am the third child.

Holy crap. No more caffiene for me. This is nuts.

There was a kid on the bus that was talking to his friend. He was wearing a purple hoodie. He said, I like things that people don't have. His friend argued, that's impossible [somebody else has to have it]. The kid asked, do you like bazookas? his friend said yeah, everyone likes bazookas. He replied, then I like pistols. His friend argued somebody else also likes pistols, but I understand what you mean.

These are high school kids, but the idea is the same. They're different, but they appreciate each other.

Appreciate others. Learn why people like or do the things they do. Never judge anybody because they are different.

The people who can appreciate different people are the people that were able to get close to me.

Off color light blue pants

Love. Be both graceful and peaceful.

Purge and begin life--art and loving.

Choose an idea and go with it. Can stop midway, still get the experience

Just observe art, make art, and love life.

What's the point of learning if you're not using that knowledge?

Scavenger hunt for cities

Cooking with ingredients chosen. Just use a search engine.

Living legends (rap group?)
The grouch

Try jonathan blow inspired game

Mini Indiana jones hat

Exercise, Art, and family/friends

Practice piano scales and favorite music

Organizational behavior built in a suburban lifestyle. Infinite things to do list, which sidetracked me from the larger things to do. I had to fight that off and focus on what's important.

Make a media that is universal. No words, just pictures.

Help mom by exercise and protien diet.

Google analytics game prototype

Duck tape - open windows when panning over the bed and passing them by

The amount of items moving should crescendo

Add a tiny keyboard scene in the background

Microwave, satellite dish, citizenship form copy

88.1 fm

Corea, Bobby mcferrin

A real social game that displays different social aspects, such as a player at a drinking scene or at a more nerdy scene or school

Insanity

The life story of our parents

World famous lessons in jazz

Loop a day of time-lapse film. Sun and moon rise and fall. Bugs and animals pass by.

After I am settled think about film ideas for contests. Then after a few of those, do a personal short film.

Film about being different. Use dialogue from kid on the bus. Also use personal experience. In school, at home, with friends.

Just now realizing people work 9-5s...Their whole life. Is this a proper way to live? I mean how much work does it take to live self sufficiently,. I'm guessing much less than 40 hours.

That's the tough part. 9-5. For what? To feed the family. To live. Have to work to live?

Everyone is too busy to help someone else. Even during another's emergency, people do not stop to help. Dazed, occupied, and worn from their life. Unable to strive for anything else. Wasted energy.

Film contests. See winners. Choose one with long deadline. Buy equipment. Join filmmaker meetups.

For my personality, I cannot live too closely with another. I need space so that I can personally choose and enjoy things. Otherwise I would feel limited, in choice and speed.

Need to tell Ivar 

Find film groups. Enter contests. Similar interests.

Filmmaking, art for those who cannot draw. See art in the real world.

Are people so lifeless? Without the will to make a decision for themselves? They just follow the common path to drinking at a club? How. Was drinking something that started in ancient times and people followed this path since? How do people get to this point?

Or is it that people work long hours for something insignificant to them, that they must relax on the weekends to make up for it?

Whats the psychology of an average person? Is it really simple? Do they not see a way out? Is this their perspective of life?

Film about how useless the average life is. How it negatively affects then environment. To display their life and put it in perspective.

Need a day job to struggle, to remember how miserable the average job is, to inspire the individual to do something more creative/personal.

Wasting time toward something you don't feel is productive. Wasting life.

Write a poem about discovering the better life. My difficulty with beginning to create things.

Shadow puppets film. Can change sets too. Use shadows as a theme.

Must begin art ASAP. Buy a mic and camera. Buy krill oil.

Write a simple script/screenplay and just do it.

Test video/audio.

Learn Gujurati and Spanish

Indian fried chicken franchise

Documentary about indie gaming, jonathan blow speeches, minecraft guy, etc

Document what your personally interested in. Like indie games, social culture/stereotypes

Documentary about the beorgouise psychology. 21st century. Explore the main characteristics of them--consumerism, mass media, etc.

How do you fight mass media? Do you let the world go as is, on it's own destructive path and only worry about yourself? Or should I be helping my brother and sister to see what life can be? Explain to Dad that fox news is terrible.

Tiny victories

Loop pedals and dance choreography using them

Killing screen

What was it that made me get bad grades in college? Uninterested in the subject? More interested in other things? Bland professors and courses?

I had a thought that stated: having a large house isolates the individual into each room, similar to the way the suburb isolates each family. Space is nice to have, but it should be optional. I think most people would benefit from living with others.

A film about racism. The association of black people and being an extrovert ignorant. Shooting themselves in their feet. Then show an ignorant white person, stereotyping all black people to be this way. Show how other black, white, and other races react.

Wikileaks wiki article

A film about lifestyles, in a sprawling fashion similar to tree of life. Show the life of different ethnicities (enclaves), in the house, outside, at work, free time. Show different classes. Rich white, poor black, middle hispanic, bergiose asian.

A short film about a day in life of an artist and of a buergiose. Half each. Cut back an forth between both. Can use Ivar for the artist part.

Artist film > borgiose film > artist end > borgiose end.

At the end of the artist film, show the artist failing. At the end of the borgiose film, show the borgiose neither failing or winning. At the artist end, the artist succeeds. At the borgiose end, the borgiose neither succeeds or fails, but feels unfulfilled, dreams of becoming an artist.

Muchi
Kyotoya
Things Japanese
Seasons
Mitsuwa

1. Get job
2. Clean Room
3. Film/Game
4. Furnish Room

Sword umbrella, Chinese jacket

List of countries by GDP or HDI

Documentary about the mind set of low income black people, like Enver's twitter.

Add Alvin and Joyce

In my ideal life, I am a simple living artist. I do not care about what the world thinks of me, or each other. I only care about myself and the few people I value. This apathy is something more than just introvert. It may be the cause of me being an introvert!

Short film, music vid? Start zoom into a funky object, ex. Casserole, ever slowly zooming out to reveal..? Start in a fast food joint's burger

Make fruit smoothies/

Baby Mario. Super bar, not possible to achieve. Yoshi becomes fatigues before he can save baby mario. Intro with yoshi getting hit by a goomba and losing Mario. Make the art myself, like braid.

Higher quality espadrilles

A samurai never drinks enough to dull his wits.

See you're g

Must wait at the end to win.

The truth is that the world tries to constrain you to be a nobody, a jack of all trades. It is up to you, the individual, to find your own way in life.

Classical music

A typing game in which the words are said aloud. When you mess up, the narrator gets angry.

The reason NYC Is dirty is because people don't care to keep it clean. People only care about themselves, and their own business. The extra effort to clean requires cost they're not willing to pay. Things only need to work, it doesnt matter how well, as long as it works.

This is different from the suburbs, most asians, and hippies.  A different personality with different priorities.

A game or film about the relationship of very different people. Boring hard working introvert vs carefree extrovert. Me and Ivar. The feelings that go through after not finding an apartment, compromising, feeling like waste after not working.

Add a timer when you are within range. The pretty ones timer is infinite.

A game or film in which the characters are so abstract that they feel universal, especially a family.

Should be able to market a good game easily. It markets it itself.

A game about the movements and psychology of bergiose, like the attraction game. How consumerism works. How the mass media shapes society

The beorgiosie do enjoy the things an individual does, they just don't make the first move. Someone has to tell them what to do, mass media or word of mouth. These sources are somehow prioritized over their own opinion.

What brand watch is that?
Casio
Ew, nevermind.

The beourgiosie do not have an opinion. They do whatever people tell them.

if all you ever create/do is for the purpose of entertainment, then the the industry/humans will never progress

Sapana: ewwww. They dont know how to dance (at new orlean hipster crowd).
What characteristics make their dance bad? Because their movement is not smooth? What do you define as a good dancer? She likes the characteristics portrayed by popular society, and finds anything different as ugly.

Even white participation dance songs cater to the uncreative public.

Maybe if I just list things that I never found enjoyable or cool would coincide with things that are not creative.

Broadway is possibly the worst of mainstream entertainment...

People say you have to like what you do. I think you should do. And you do it because thats what you want to do at that moment in time.

A single skill or element at an extreme level is not good enough. The entire product must be good, showcasing the skill as a climactic point. Similar to what Blow said about 'finishing your game'.

Oh yeah, tourism. That's very beorgoisie. A creative person would rather live in another country.

Platformer in which the player controls the stage to guide the character across.

Drink, smoke, attend a family cruise and not see the family, go on a cruise and not attend any events or excursions, buy a 3200 watch...

If I grew up in a family in which my relatives did not drink, would I find people with similar personalities to them disgusting?

A game about capitalism. Perhaps sim cruise? Organize events, place rooms, hire staff. The goal of the game would be to maximize profit yet keep people happy. Charge people for DVDs for event showings, charge for soda, or even water. Place suites next to a casino and charge more.

I never really understood why traditional art masterpieces were. But after getting into film and other arts through life, then seeing traditional art again, I see it differently. In a different perspective. I now appreciate the artist more, being one myself. I understand the struggle, the personality, the significance.

Being technically skilled means nothing without originality.

A film about a family vacation. Eh, would be similar to Walking Life. The kids and adults separate, unable to even set a single lunch together.

The kids have fun, rarely talking about current life problems/aspirations, relaxing, enjoying, never wanting the surreal vacation to end. They talk, learning more about each others personalities.

The suburban kids act more conservatively than the city kids, but still put up with each other. The city kids have more energy, waking up, working out, able to enjoy, being irresponsible. The suburban kids sleep earlier, but are more responsible.

The kids that drink separate from the kids that don't. The drinking kids primarily drink at the same places, eat the same things, go to the casino to pass time, but try to attend major events, unsure if they enjoyed it (often art). The kids that don't drink try to pack as many things they haven't done before, following a set schedule, using every opportunity, wasting no time.

[from my perspective] The parents say (tell the kids) they enjoyed the vacation overall. Some excursions are awful commercial experiences, but just being together is enough to have fun for them. The event/excursion barely matters, similar to the drinking kids. Many live a sedentary life, so are physically unfit limiting their choice in excursions. Yet, they are satisfied. Maybe not as exuberant about it as they were kids, but happy nonetheless.

In the end, everyone leaves, giving their goodbyes several times, resuming life as normal.

The family appears to be impolite to society, but they are composed of genuinely great individuals. Have scenes of the kids being loud/obnoxious using a third person view. The people around feeling annoyed. Then use a first/second person view, in which the viewer finds them enjoyable with good morals.

Scenes 

The more personal art is, the more realistic it becomes.

It seems I'm gravitating toward Picasso's lifestyle. Working nonstop toward something greater than me. Unable to hold a relationship. Living desolately, unknowingly, only known through my work.

A film in which the characters and/or setting becomes progressively more consumerist/stupid stupor. Start normal/creative, end slave. Possibly a fictional film.

Or a film in which the character progressively realizes everything is done for capitalism. For example, at a cruise, the character starts by booking it as it is not expensive and fits the family's time. The cruise staff appears to be friendly, "wakey wakey, eggs and bacey", but then they begin to sell DVDs, diamonds, art, fresh juice, bingo, casino. They'd do anything to maximize the profit of the company. Nice on the outside, evil by enforcement of then company.

Or a film of the life of a consumerist. Seeing consumerism applied at different stages of life.

When you are a child, you would spend time on now seemingly silly things, such as creating a huge house out of cards. Later, you realize, those things arent silly, they're more important than anything else you are doing.

Talk to people. It's the only way to gauge my attraction.

Learn to make milk tea

Learn to make avocado shake

Look at some art books at the Pratt library

Game dev, film, drawing, music at  Pratt

Black socks, black boots, light blue pants

Lightning instead of lines. Thunder sounds. Electrical theme. Clouds or atom with electron for the player. Flash trajectory, then solidify over time?

Gradient laser extends with a white gradient in the front. Player is invincible to own hotbox for a few ms.

Options to adjust screen size, no bounds.

As the line grows, the player can still shoot a portal toward it.

To set portal click button to shoot, then click again to deploy.

Dual analog controller or wasd and left/right to move electron.

Always show trajectory?

Remove one portal to let the other portal eat bullets. One portal is a black hole.

4 player arcade cabinet, xbox arcade, babycastles, option to scale

The stage should be scalable to infinite, and the players should be infinite, multiplayer

Buy a mic for film AND music!

Use halo color order for players: red, blue, green, etc.

Portal deployer should be the color of the player.

Portals should be the color of the player. Just portal and other portal?

iPhone photo contest. iPhone video contest. Cell phone contests.

Check poetry/spoken word competitions. Themes?

Photo/video contests in NYC.

Add light, dark, player color glows to the ship to signify cooldowns

Fold instantly or slowly. Requires the player to have better coordination.

Another game that simulates life, especially the part that makes the player's experience dependent on their actions, in a more complex way than good vs evil choice.

If the player is lazy, maybe he develops health problems. If the player is explorative, he will see new things. If the player is studious, the game plays normally, as the creator wants you to.

Use my own graphics. Stick figures!

Write spoken word poems. Read them in public in Pratt. Video tape it. Upload to my website. Perform at an open mic.

Think of costume, then a way to kill.

Pirate, slice the pirate, not the parrot. Or his peg leg. Make the slice line very thin.

Ghost, cannot be sliced, need a light to see? Two red or white dots for eyes, the rest is invisible.

Mummy, requires to be sliced multiple times, each time animating the costume removal animation.

Giant, slice the legs.

Create a game over screen with stats. Save stats and add a leaderboard. An infinite mode, in addition to story mode? Then add to Kongregate?

Buy a sketchpad to draw on. Start with pencil. Then try coloring. Traditional art. Then buy a drawing tablet and use the images in the game.

Shiny black pants?

Portal asteroids stage grows as more players join.

Bird courage. City of the sun,

Multislice or shake gesture to kill mummy.

Old navy white khaki pants, like my gray pair.

Chinese jacket. Trenchcoat.

Change global rate to change the speed of the game! 

Kar wai soundtracks

Off color new balances

It seems the American dream is possible. I never dreamt it, but it's nice to know it's not completely fake.

Ive always felt I could make something great, but I had troubles figuring out how to start. Now, after just dabbling with a hobby/art, I feel it's very much possible. Still, I can only make something great if I feel the idea is worth the time and work, or else I won't feel motivated.

I can even write better rap than kanye and mf doom. Try it, for fun. No music necessary. Perform it at open mics.

I feel I may never be motivated to go through with a large project. I just want to think of ideas and make small media that express them. That's a problem. Maybe with the help of a friend or team I would be more determined to go through with it? Nah I don't need anyone, I just need to man up. But how can you embark on a large project, spending that much time? I guess I've wasted the past years,  so time really shouldnt be what I'm worried about. Just keep going. I believe im on the right path. Start small, never stop, and I'll get to large projects later.

For games: make a polished prototype and send it to IGF. For small games that I can complete, release it for free, if it's well received, make a complete version and sell it.

For film: make a polished short film, submit it to contests. If its well received, then I guess publishers would be willing to invest in me, or offer some projects?

After working/spending time on arts, finding oneself, I can see why one could wonder, what are they doing? Shouldn't I be spending quality time with the family? Then again, the time spent on art, is better than any time spent at a 9-5, so it's not bad.

What better inspiration then an artist singing their heart out at a local cafe?

Yea, don't worry about the future, just keep doing what I am. When the lease end I'll know whether I want to stay in NYC, go home, go back to SF, or to another city or country.

The flex. The flexing of strings. The physics of it. The reactions of a system once tampered. Could create music, indefinitely, in a vacuum.

Our of the sky. Clouds, birds, sun, blue sky. 

Join a 7 day film contest!!!!!!!! Experimental.

1. Redo voiceovers
2. Finish advantage
3. Help Jon with whiskers?
4. Make my own 4 player iPad game?

Sweep our room!

Time to purge all of the crap again and think clearly.

As I get older and more experienced there is less the industrial world has to offer me.

I haven't played/beat a full video game since college. Why? Because there is no new knowledge or philosophy to be gained from it. I wonder if I'll get bored of films too...then only books will be left.

I don't seek entertainment. The entertainment that ensues with friends is enough. I want to explore, and never stop. Get reinspired by some great art or science and continue, wondering I can possibly make something that great.

The timeline of an artist. Have the thought/feeling of being an artist. Then have a more serious thought about it. Then people often start to learn it whether through school or online research (people can get stuck here, and this step is unnecessary). Then start making stuff (this increases technical skill for whichever medium). Then start to take on larger projects? In order to start a large project, need to look deep into yourself, explore, then express it.

A lot of knowledge is temporary. There's almost no need to write any notes down as you it's often easier to just relearn if you come back to a subject.

Because knowledge is temporary, one should create things while that knowledge is still there. For example, if you go to school for biology, then you should write a paper on something  you are deeply interested in.

The only thing you learn as you get older is getting a better sense of time and patience. It takes time to do large projects, but it is worth more than anything smaller.

An thought/idea. The industrial world is distracting. You have to move away from it all, to think on a higher level. Or ignore it all and maintain on your own.

Society dictates that a career should take a certain path. For example, for acting, it is normal to go to an acting school or theatre. This is wrong. The correct approach to a career is to just do it. Star acting, anywhere. Craigslist  some parts. Post it up on your portfolio.

Similarly, society dictates a path for being successful, artistically an monetarily. If you do these certain things, learn these popular/marketable acting skills, you are guaranteed to get a job. Well, maybe you will get a job, but it won't be anything special. You've already been taken off course practicing the skills to get a job in something you now don't care for.

The correct way to be successful is to take the same path a child does. Just create whatever you want to and are currently interested in. The product will be greater because you are intrinsically motivated to do it. When great products are created people will notice and soon people will start asking you for advice.

From my optimistic future dream
In watchmen, there's a character that is the worlds smartest being. That isn't a super power either. He  isn't a nerdy Steven Hawkins. He's just a well rounded human. How is he the worlds smartest human?

It is because he is able to step back and look at the world on a higher level, away from the distractions (Facebook, drugs, emotions), and make a clear and rational course for his future actions.

Often after watching a great film or work of art or just knowledge, it blows my mind, and I straighten my life out then. I'm able to separate what is important from what is not. Then I might clean my tabs, desktop, room, my agenda, then begin, without distraction think clearly my future actions.

This is how I stayed somewhat on track.

I'm sure most people of age know this or have a similar idea, but I just wanted to reinforce it. This is what every motivational/inspirational speech has at its core.


Dark green military color clothing. Pants or dress shirt

Enemy hp indicator, start black, fill upward to white or vice versa

Use mask function to help. If not, just fade to black

Ink splotch graphic theme. Enemies fill up with an ocean of ink. Weapons fire ink, ink explosions, fade over time, ink trails for homing missles, ?

Write better blog posts with pictures, like tyrant and coding horror.

Sign up for parsons and nyu

Current damage and highest damage. Spawn in center, slowly. Give 10,000 hp.

Remember, you still have a year to make art. Dont worry about money, keep striving for art. After making things for a year, profit should be easy to obtain if needed.

High top Adidas

Ideal life: have girlfriend, move from country to country every few months, make art, repeat.

Ian Edwards

Take out box lamp, like jack o lantern.

Occupy wall st art/graffiti

Finish my occupy wall st game and be able to play on mobile phones.

Put all bookmarks in the todo folder and I'll never look back.
Put all media in my external drive and I'll forget that too. Just an unarchived mess. Do it. Clean your shit up so you can start clean.

All artists do is make stuff. The only stuff that matters are the first and the greatest. Never take on an unambitious project. Explore. Then make something great out of it.

But work is of the time. Maybe I like games right now, but film later. Create whatever I am currently interested in.

Dream Factory

The black voice.

If you grew up in the south or in a dominantly black area, it's likely you use bit of black vernacular in your informal speech, possibly even having an inner black voice.

Even intelligent people use it. They likely just exclude the unnecessary parts of the vernacular such that is  popularly deemed being used due to ignorance. (I is doing dat)

Instead the vernacular is used for its conciseness. Very few words along with a tone can express so much meaning. (you aiite?, nigga--chapelle episode)

There's also the smooth and cool characteristics to it. There's a conflict here as it's cool to be concise but can come off as ignorant.

People with this vernacular can also relate to each other, often sharing related media (boondocks, chapelle).

I wonder how people who grew up  outside of this culture think. That we're just plain ignorant for holding the dialect? Just do not understand? I'd guess anyone who joins a group of friends who use the vernacular would quickly start using it himself, it's rather fun to use.

Make a flexible todo list every morning.

Instructions -> game -> post

1 post per day. One hour creativity. 2x4 hour work. 30min family. Clean up. Think clearly. Step back.

Color transform to black. See how that looks.

All black and maybe neon in blog. Draw like tyranus.

But dont spend much time on past products. Only when you feel like writing or cleaning. Do not procrastinate.

Don't use the computer at home. Only use with others around to get work done. Other times should consist of creative writing, reading/valueable arts.

Communicate more, be a leader, begin projects.

The useless stupor. Even I have to catch myself at times from uselessly browsing the web. When I do not have a project that I am interested in, I fall into the stupor. At these times I must be strong, or else I'll become a nobody.

I need to find another project ASAP. Maybe that's what it is. People give up because theyve lost interest with their current job, and are unable to pursue another project.

Although it is good to take time off and think. Blog. Clean up and start again.

Helping others view the world from my perspective.

As Americans above the poverty line, we are the 1% of the world.

I think my personality, nearly archetypal intj, is good at getting out of environments that I deem as negative or even stagnant. If I don't like certain people I do not hang out with them, if I don't like my job l, I quit, If I don't like the city I live in, I move. I keep moving to a higher position, until I am satisfied, and the only way I'm satisfied is if I can pursue my interests and make a living.

Keep active by participating in small projects continuously. Only pursue a big idea if I have the confidence to complete it. You'll get there eventually.

Or efff it and go for it, big or not.

Processing.

A film that follows the average life in various countries of differing governments. Capitalism, socialism, mixed, communism?. Just an average work day. Are they the same? Corruption pervades in all of them? Consumerism and opposing parties exist in the background.

The art of staying healthy and focused.

Spend more time thinking creatively. Try exploring a single idea thoroughly. Try to create a book's worth of material.

Become a freelancer for local companies. Make posters, small programs, interaction projects, videos, take videos of shows, fashion, whatever.

Review she kills monsters.

Why is it that I can focus more late night? It's because I am distracted by a million things in the modern age during the day.

Write a blog about troll kit and it's possibilities. The independent steam.

That Gujarati film! Check online, if not ask dad.

Farmers market in chesapeake or Hampton roads?

Learn to cook. Cook for Sheetal and family. Falafel, lamb cumin burger, etc.

Thin bandana scarf

Write a comic book script like Miller did for batman returns.

Ny subway music mix

Samips preacher. Batman Black mirror.

Some mix of video game design, interaction design, filmmaking, writing, web design, ...more?

Keep pursuing what interests me. That's it. That's all I have to do. Never comprimise.

Ivar is not influenced by money, whereas most others are.

A post about the influence of money on my mind, and overcoming it. Draw my life in comparison to Ivar.

Do martial arts during breaks. Try to stretch every tightened muscle.

--
Steps in life.
Overcome body influences
Overcome time management
Overcome the system
Overcome the fear of doing
Overcome the fear of doing something large

Control body, time
Do it
Do it with integrity

Preface. The following steps are meaningless as any self help book. It is merely a gauge. To learn, you must do it yourself. A large shortcut to a lot of it is to live alone with just two bags.

Hmmm, it may be that the reason I cannot make something large is my lack of leadership. I need to overcome communication. I need to be able to choose my group and lead to success.

It would have just been easier if I had a great mentor to follow.

Post about life lessons.
--

The trait I cherish most about Ivar: he does what he wants to, without any external influences.

Helping others reach their potential could is another goal

Perhaps why I prefer film, or even comic book to books is because they display more information in less time.

Or perhaps I need to read faster.

Choose a project. Pursue it immediately, before I fall into a slump of unproductivity.

Jan egp idea: a sound visual game, like those that come with windows media player. Choose a song. The buttons allow editing the song. Visuals display based on the sounds.

Instead of thinking about the past or how to improve my future, should try to direct that thinking time to creativity.

bread pudding vs braised oxtail buns

As interest in a project increases, the quality increases.
