Voices of a Distant Star:

The intro is great, of childhood, of motivation, with good environmental ethics and morality. Asuna comes home from school and immediately goes to the mountain to listen to her radio. Afterwards, she goes home, prays to her father's shrine, does laundry (without a drying machine), cooks (fish, tofu soup with a green vegetable, uncooked vegetables, and rice, and prepares a sandwich to eat later. Squash and eggs are visible on the kitchen counter.), gives food to her semi-feral cat, and rushes to the mountain. She's done everything she needed to in order to survive as fast as possible in order to have more leisure time to do whatever she wants.

She is completely independent, save for buying groceries, and even then, when she buys it, it's a five kilogram sack of rice that she lifts to her home herself. No car, not even a bicycle (not sure why not). Her motivation drives her. Surviving is not a problem. She's able to focus all of her attention to what matter to her most.
--

There is a scene early on, where a helicopter appears in front of [the younger brother] who is dressed in rather traditional clothing on the mountain cliff of Asuna's rural home-town. It is such a wild contrast, but real. That, in one society, there are people with helicopters (or even drones), and in another, there are people with just knives. To think that one society actually focused their attention on and progressed their technology to the point of inventing and making complex killing machines, whereas another society is merely a simple, rural society. It speaks so much of the societies, of their values and morals.

26-7-17
While watching the film, in a sleep-deficient state, I mostly continued noticing the traditional / environmental habits and ethics.

The film, like Castle in the Sky, pits traditional societies against modern societies. It is clearly verified by a the scene where the most traditional ruler, a kind of shamen in a temple cautions Shin of failing to do his task of protecting the society, and of how short and meaningless life is, which is repeated later. Later, the elder tells of  when"top-siders" (modern societies) intruded and then warred against their peaceful societies, with images of war scenes similar to World War I or World War II, and then images of war-time authoritarians such as a Caesar, some Greek or Roman general, an Asian one; perhaps Khan, Bonaparte, Hitler, Mousollini and some others.

In that shamen scene, she mentions that the Shun's soul was weak, yearning for the surface, meaning, yearning for modern ways of living.

Agartha, the underground world, is full of tradition, especially as they get to the first town:

Shin's house and stable is very traditional, stone house with cloth and paintings with traditional, tribal designs. He has a few teapots, pottery, perhaps some oils (as the elder had), a fireplace, an oil lamp [?], some gear for his horse [?], all of which is of gold color.

The elder who takes Asuna's group in is also an ideal, large house. First, with a separate room where the boy is taken. His medicine consists of six kinds of plants, plum liquor [?], a mortar and pestle, and a clay jar (and an oil lamp). It's another stone hut, with traditionally-designed rugs and random urns. Then, with the actual house. Again, with Asuna, the elder and the little girl they saved, cook together, in a traditional manner, in a wonderful kitchen. There's a large urn with water (probably boiled) and ladle. All of the vegetable containers are weaved, perhaps with rattan. There an urn covered by a wooden board and a stone on top. There's even a calf! Stone covered, wood-burning ovens. Metal pots and pans. Rattan and wooden post tables. Herbs hanging from ropes. Vegetables and fruits in various urns. One urn covered, perhaps airtight, with cloth and string, for fermenting. Ah, it's beautiful. It's the ideal kitchen for naturalists. Later, Asuna baths in a stone bathroom, with two oils in glass jars beside her. She exits with a simple, yet beautiful traditional tunic with a heavy shirt over it. They eat their giant meal on top of a giant circular traditionally-designed rug, beside the fireplace, on top of little pillow seats. At the end, the elder sits next to his fireplace, smoking, using chopsticks and piece of charcoal to heat up the tobacco.

There was a scene when it was raining, where the two, Asuna and the guy, left their water containers outside, to catch the rainwater for drinking. That's something I haven't even thought of trying during my time of living very environmentally-consciously.

Another them of the film is care, which is a main characteristic of traditional societies. If one cares for others, one surely wouldn't kill others.

The elder mentions the cat has god's children in them, and is raised alongside humans until they serve their purpose. Their purpose being to care. Earlier, the guy is shown giving food to Mimi, Asuna's cat, showing a little warmth of his cold, modern heart.

In most scenes, Asuna has a caring personality, caring for everyone and everything around her. The topsider guy and Shin are half-half, half-modern, half-traditional. At the end, they all decide to become traditional, caring people, through their actions.