10 o'clock news live


Panel shows

8 out of 10 cats

Mock the week

QI

sitcom

The inbetweeners!

Blog life in extremes
Travel and emotions, excitement, disgust, sad
A very emotional life
Social / extrovert / happiness / care and unsocial / introvert / soulless
Language barrier
Direction and progress
Wake up, think, then do. Always thinking and designing vs doing without thought.
Doing and indecision

Effects of environment. How making games make no sense in India. How being around slums in Kathmandu made me want to do more social work. How being around people in India made me want to just be around them. How being in New York made me competitive. Why am I so affected by environment? Or is it all temporary? At the end, I left these places when I became comfortable, moving on to consume more.

An extrovert period in Seoul. I made friends at the hostel, spent time with two girls outside the hostel, spent time with one guy I met while traveling, engaging in meaningful conversation, but failing due to language barrier and my failure to express myself, and inability to control my excitement.

Time flies without motivation.

9/3
The first lazy day for some time, after a day of overconsumption and over socialization.

Humans of New York and Vincent Moon have little to no design, or its all improvised. I like that. Less design, more work.

WTF are you doing. Start work, again. Learn languages, meet people, teach English, little money work, little art work, contact people, repeat. Don't stop now.

Taiwan or Japan? Call schools. Enroll in a class, if fail, go to Japan, then go to Gaoxiong and move in with Simon, taking Chinese at TLI, and making games with Simon. Then move to Taipei and begin business and art studio gigs.

A neighborhood in the city is slow enough. There's no reason to live in a suburb. Suburbs are temporary places to be, along with rural areas. Cities have everything.

Choose one and go. Seoul was never the one, although I didn't give it a living chance. I just decided to work on crystal brawl temporarily here.

When I am alone, everything relies on me. This leads to a dangerous life. I need people for stability, but retain my unstable methods.

Consuming without thought

Get the fuck out of home ASAP everyday. It's beautiful outside.

A person who struggles makes a film about struggle.

Just keep filming, don't worry what about. All that matters is that you are creating stuff. The struggle of travel is not needed, but possibly the best way to think of grand design for me.


Apply for NTU new media and film? Apply for New York. Start new projects, be the leader of Taiwan. Make films all over Taiwan. The country is perfect in landscape and convenient for filming.

Join all festivals. Contact everyone in that country.

Be on top. Be the new wave.

Scooter around often. Think big.

Public art. NJP old TVs at a night market.

Too much thinking, not enough doing. Post-travel feelings.

After class, just talk to people outside. Practice, constantly. Practice with artists. Kids. Elderly. Humans. Vincent Moon. Prolific. Short films with students.

Write scripts, or find some.

NGO work. The life! Stability!

I'm a thrill seeker. I need struggle. I need something to drive me. I need the city.

Short films about society, class, race, like La Haine.

Why Koreans care for their looks, struggle, real life, documentary style. Document the doctor, patient, and more. Make it gritty.

When I'm with people I want to have fun. When in alone I desire struggle. I seek how I feel at the moment.

Panorama North Korea

Introvert vs extrovert in Seoul. Made friends. Valued time with people, anyone.

You have to stay outside. Never inside. Keep wandering. Keep talking to people. Keep working outside. There's nothing inside a building.

I don't feel like exploring Seoul until I figure out Taiwan vs Japan.

I might feel alone in Gaoxiog and even Taipei. How to overcome it? Keep contacting people! Keep taking on projects! Taipei is better for this.

You don't meet people at libraries. You meet them in more social areas. Why are you cutting yourself off? Not currently interested in meeting people?

It all depends on how social I am feeling. That's power. I need to keep walking and talking and doing. Keep on taking projects and meeting people. Don't stop.

Learn Mandarin, French, and Japanese.

Call all Taipei universities and go. Try to enroll into multiple languages: French, Japanese too.

Art drives me when I am alone. My art has to be social, to keep track of time.

Music is what kept me working. I'm unsure if its good or bad. I was happy working in both San Francisco and New York despite a very unsocial life, but I could have done so much more with people.

The only time I stop is when a street musician is playing.

I've become a quiet consumer again, as opposed to a creative, excited extrovert.

I need a girlfriend to spend social time with... And the Songyi called.

When im alone for too long, working without thought. I consume without thought.

Games are a viable social activity for Schizoids. How competitive games provide infinite playability, like a sport. How game communities develop. How competitive game tournaments turned into competitive game jams. Blog post.

80s Korean music

Sse-p.com

Having fun should have no cost.

Perhaps I should play games to maintain social activity. Duh!

No. I should be fighting, for something.

I'm not outgoing anymore, and it sucks.

Think about why I went from on top of the world to not getting out of bed. Is it simply because I have no reason? I should be creating reason.

When my creativity and motivation stops, what is the remedy? Travel? Spend time with friends? Meet people?

What will wake me up?

What will get me out of depression?

In India, I didn't really get out. I just withstood it. I need to stay excited about life as Babycastles do, as travelers do. Don't stop.

You have to be outside all day. That's it.

No learning, just living. Do the computer work and learning at night, or with others.

You have to either travel or work (in a social environment). There is no other option.

Keep consuming. Stay alive. Don't become slow! Keep thinking about your surroundings, not just yourself. Work with people, even if the work is not cool? Well, maybe not for long.

The new day.

Hostelbookers, note for MJ and Chan and Tim and Nikki and Martin.

Should find an apartment near the Chinese Cultural University for 3 months, then move closer to central Taipei, or on the edge of it, between CCU and Taipei. Buy a scooter? Need health insurance? Try buses first.

I adapt to the hostel in Seoul. I become accustomed to technology and money. I forget about others. I become less creative. I think less. And I hate myself for it all. I don't ever want to be lazy again.

As I sit alone at the train station, the faces of people appear again. Care for others arise, along with criticism. I begin to watch time.

Film idea. A film in which the director / camera man films a subject, but then gets into a relationship with the subject. The relationship is real. The director must maintain the relationship, and therefore creative control of the film.

I was thinking about asking if I can film a bum, then record our conversations, then our interactions.

Should it be shot first person? Or should there be a third person?

One should film everything. Anything could be made into a film.

I guess exit through the gift shop did this quite well.

Watch La Haine again.

Sleepy and introverted again. Thoughts form.

Adaptation blog. I adapt to my surroundings. In Seoul I eat what's around me, at that price, and sleep at a nice hostel. I could have slept outside and eaten cheaper food, but I didn't. I socialized withy the people at my hostel. I wandered around hongdae. Because it was close. I spent more money because I was becoming lazy. I became used to the people around me. I stopped caring about them.

I still haven't learned how to be myself in proximity of others.

Why?

When I am with others, I feel that i am with them for some reason, not just living. We have to do something, talk. But I shouldn't feel this way. I should just live, like family. Be myself, even if I am deeply introverted.

Should I live outside the city or in it? Will I be able to avoid consumerism in it? I think so. I didn't do too bad in New York and San Francisco.

To agenda:
Register class. Mail payment? Call tomorrow? Is the office open? Try paying by credit card. Tell dad to mail?

In Seoul, there was a time where I was closest to a balanced life. I thought about friends, strangers, family, work, personal work, and learning.

It's extremely important to choose great jobs. The highest of design. Learn languages as quick as possible. Be social. Practice. Take it seriously. Learning is key for the future. Don't just think about the poor, so something about it!

It's easy to meet people in the city because I am likely working with people, because there are people with similar interests. In the suburbs, I work alone. I meet people through public places, which I have to go out of my way to do. I like working and living, not separating the two.

I barely walk for an hour and I see no reason to go further. There is no goal. Nothing to see. No people to meet. I'd rather talk to the people at the fishing area, or just hang out within their proximity.

A day in the suburb went by without excitement. I need people. I need reason to go to places. The suburbs have families, which is what I seek in cities, yet I don't interact with them. I'm not friends with them. I need a job that interacts with families. Maybe that's too social.

The park nearby the hostel is more  interesting than the more beautiful park further away because it has more people. It's more social. I seek social places.

The food nearby is delicious. Never go far for food, unless its for the purpose of meeting other people.

I waste a lot of time in the suburbs. My social time, work time, and interest is low.

I have to play music and language to consume more.

Failing to consume enough on a computer. Nothing beats travel in forms of consumption. To emulate it on a computer, I have to play pimsleur, cafe music, and a sitcom.

9
My creativity is completely gone. I'm paying for an expensive hostel without thought of work. I'm working on old things without thought. I need some inspiration.

In taking the world for granted. I need to fight for time.

Keep designing. Don't give up. Struggle. You must struggle.

I push Simon away because I want to create space. Stupid move. I could have taught english and taken a mandarin class near him.

1. Revert
2. Add fixes

Help Chris with Crystal Brawl. Due Tuesday! Fix pulses.

Cars are terrible. It's like a house on wheels.

Koreans and probably Japanese favor clean, cute places, and at temples they remove the authenticity of it, transforming it into something they enjoy, instead of appreciating the original beauty of it.

Their neat and organized characteristics of cafes continue on to temples. The past has disappeared not solely because of the recent influx of money, but because of their culture. They destroyed their past. Too clean for it.

Busan, a suburb city is too slow. Or the hostel is. I need to be surrounded by people all of the time.

I need social outlet, and this notepad does not count.

All that matters is time. Do as much as you can!

Moving from the lively hostel I. Seoul to the slow paced hostel in Busan, I remember how difficult it is to keep the pace of life I like -- the city pace.

It feels like the first time in eating alone. I hate eating without a day's work.

Overate then overwandered. It's how I felt after working in San Francisco. I overworked myself, then overrate as a reaction to it. It was a very unbalanced life. Even though it was 5 months, I had no social life.

Today I went on without a social life. No reason to talk to others, except for food and directions. I wasn't in the mood to hang out with consumers, and I didn't feel that I'd fit into a bar. The hostel in Seoul was special.

Uhlmaisuhseyo - how much do you have
Isuhseyo - you have
Isuhyo - I have
Ton - money
Ton-i
Taraseyo? - 
Opsuhyo - don't have

Seoul was an amazing personal social achievement. I made close friends. I kept them. I balanced time, living and working simultaneously.

In Seoul I couldn't rely on sight-seeing to arouse my senses. I had to talk to people to make it livable.

My ability to create new friends, or my interest to, in Busan is not good.

In the suburbs it's too difficult to consume enough throughout the day.

People in the suburbs don't contact the outside world. They only know their family and friends. They don't think about others.

I hate it here.

Language learning is hard for me because I don't like consuming TV shows or talking to people with social norms.

Complete Doodle Tangle.
  - playtest everyday and work on it everyday. Set a deadline.
  - hire someone to complete Pinkies Up. Redo it in Unity?
  - finish dance prototype

Mandy said "You feel it was long because you experienced so much". It's true. You have to constantly create new experiences.

It is difficult to have new experiences while programming. Only music and ambience are new.

9/12
Living and working, simultaneously, is something I feel I've been striving for my entire life.

I feel that work life balance is different. It suggests that they are separate entities. I never feel that way.

Some people can go to an office work, come out, then enjoy life with their family and friends. The work hard play hard lifestyle. I'm constantly trying to fit work in life. I have no hours. I just live.

This is when I felt that computer programming is devoid of life. I spent most of the time in public places: outside, in a cafe, with friends, still it wasn't enough. I wasn't experiencing enough life. I filled the void with films. The only way to do a computer programming job is by having a steady workplace, at home with a family, or in place with friends.

Create a community that does things you love: games, film, new media, NGO.

Thinking of others vs just living.

Talking to the French guy was relaxing. He worked in Australia at Dominos as a pizza deliverer. He loved it. There was no worries. He and his co-workers would find ways to scam Dominos for money -- discount codes, petrol in a can, pizza status codes. He had fun. He had a new experience. That's all that matters, isn't it?

Then why do I always care for people who suffer, and suffer because of it? Why do I feel I have greater responsibilities?

No school makes sense. Go by pure motivation. Fuck anything else.

Start shit all of the time. Run around. Events. Work. Doodle Tangle. Public Art. All that shit all of the time.

The day ends too early. There's no reason to learn during he day. Learn at night, be social and motivated during the day.

Traveling to and around song baek was a complete waste of time as I wasn't motivated to do so socially nor creatively. I just needed a 5 minute break, which I could've had by walking around the neighborhood.

The power if media is reminded as people from Mexico say that Korean drama and pop is popular. Meh, I don't care for it.

In not doing enough of what I want to do.

My heart pounds, wanting to do more than watch tv and program games. It's great. I hope I always feel that I must do more. Never get lazy.

Lock yourself in Taiwan. Do all you can there. Anything is possible.

9/13
Day: social projects. Night: work.

A nation of consumption caused by its culture. Koreans are more introverted, opting to use cell phones to communicate than talk, and TVs to live life rather than going out. It's the suburban Asian nation. Media through Samsung TVs easily influenced the crowd.

There's more interest in baroque music. Slow paced nature travel shoes, reality game shows, dramas take over the country and others around the world.

People are smart, have great memory and work ethic, but lack creativity and spontaneity.


I only had 5 hours of sleep, yet I feel relaxed. I can learn. The suburbs are a good place to focus on learning. There are too many distractions in the city, and while traveling. But now I'm lacking motivation to create new things, or  have new experiences.

Busan relaxed me. I began working on a game that, during many points in my travel, I did not feel had a great design. So, the suburbs are a good place to work, but its easy to work on something fruitless Its a waste of time. So is learning languages without practical use. Yeah, I'd rather live in a roller coaster pace, having moments of high design so that I don't fall into the comfort of working on something without design.

Perhaps the edge of a city is best. A suburban pace with the city nearby.

It's less exciting in Korea and Japan because the people are introverted. It's like going on vacation to a quiet relative's house. You're the liveliest one.

The audience should be thinking. Nothing should be given.

Ignore the world. Do great things. Think as if you're on top of the world. Forget individuals.

It's wrong to be idle in he suburbs.  "You have to have something to look forward to". I have to transform from travel to creativity, with a social life. Keep fighting for time.

Pimsleur French
Madmuazela
Como - how
Voozelee - 
Ali
Como-t elevoo - how are you
Merci - thanks
Bia(n) - well
Tre - very 
Tre Bian merci - very well, thanks
Ovua - goodbye
Madam - mam

To languages:
Speaking with a native accent is unnecessary. It's best to speak properly, like an elementary English teacher. It's easy to listen to accents.

Perhaps it's the granduer of film, art, and travel, and the strive for granduer that drives me.

Blog. Sustaining the highest feedback loop to sustain motivation for a project.

Play test the shit out of Doodle Tangle and Pinkies Up. Release for single iPad / iPhone. Hire Taiwanese to complete game kit code.

Taiko game. Touch screen. Japanese arcade. New input interfaces.

Competitive, calculating games and Asians.

Finding the struggle, drama, and grandeur in life. Fight for time. Don't stop learning, making, living.

Once you free your mind of about a concept of the harmony and the music being correct, you can do whatever you want. Nobody told me told me what to do and there was preconception of what to do. - Giorgio / Daft Punk

Creativity does not require travel. Chungking Express was shot in Chris's apartment. I just need to maintain a high state of mind.

There's always struggle, even in the most developed countries. I just have to struggle myself to see it, otherwise I ignore it.

Don't move. Consume less. Make more from less.

9/15
Being inside the house is killing me. Go outside in the morning ASAP, or just talk to people in the house.

Apartment should have windows in the bedroom!

My greatest problem. An ability to be creative in a group.

In a social setting, I don't think about being creative and do what others do, focusing only on the people around me. Because of this, my mind goes slow, time takes longer to pass, and I want to leave so that I can do some "work".

Play Chinese radio all of the time. It's far better than slow, educational audio, to really listen.

To ideas: create a curriculum filled with games, to teach English. Make life fun! Make teaching fun!

A deep feeling of loneliness encompasses me at Tomo's temple in the suburbs of Osaka. Simultaneously, grand visions are created. Grand comes from suffering.

Blog post. From grand to nothing.

9/16
Need to call Shila too.

Den den town. Seva avion. See blog post for all arcades.

Contact arcade machine people.

Shintokorizu museum
National art center
Tsukiji
Naoshima

The second day in Osaka with Tomo went much better. We were living the whole day: talking to family, biking in amagasaki, meeting chie, playing arcade games, and going back to sleep. It  was like a day of riding bikes when I was younger. It was so full of life. Exploring, experiencing, being sociaI. I loved it.

It was purposeless, yet I didn't feel it was  a waste of time. Perhaps once I'm back in a city I will view it as wasted time.

Tomo and Chie learned to balance time after traveling. Will I be able to do the same?

Today was far better than yesterday in which I was in front of a computer most of the time. I struggled last night. Had thoughts of grandeur and struggle. Today, I will sleep happily, and early, without worry. It takes a full day of life to tire me out. And it takes no ambition or excitement to allow me to sleep early.

Can I live a relaxed, balanced life? I don't think so.

The place I live affects me so much, and I think others too. Some artists are able to live balanced lives and make art. I think they're the crafty types. They find a medium and work at it daily, when time allows. The works are about everyday life. They work on it daily, routinely. Work requires routine. Design requires struggle, a deadline.

I need to utilize both. I've been travelling with high design, but its been do high that I don't feel like doing the work. While working I forget design. My inability to balance life affects my career.

What place is best to live? In places where struggle exist I feel extremely creative. In places where there is no struggle, I can work for long hours, not thinking about the time that passes. Neither is good. I need to combine work and life, as I did in Seoul.

Life is fun in the city. People are excited to live and work. I get along with people who are excited, energetic, about life and especially about work. Perhaps he city is best. The new experiences that cities offers with friends and events is fulfilling. Perhaps I fail to create enough new experiences in my life outside of cities and rely on others.

I was so tense in Hong Kong and the beginning of Seoul. My mind was running at full speed. But what positive effect to the world does it have? None. I only talked to people. Thats it. The relationships were temporary. What affect did it have on me? I was only doing research on places to live. Over-researching as usual, instead of simply living. A life full of indecision.

After random Facebooking, I feel my personality is quite close to Arthur. He's unable to manage time. He takes on gigs and creations by feeling. He's easily excited, uneven. Yet, he loves life. Even if there's a ton of work, he just lets it go on Facebook statuses and friends. He's doesn't mind. He's always having fun. I think I could live a similar life in a city. Maybe.

Give Tomo Chie's Facebook.


What is most time effective? Art on a medium affects the lives of many. Studio Ghibli and Pixar deeply affect a great amount of people. Work on relationships, affecting individuals. Fine art is progressive, creative, but it only affects intelligent people.

It seems as hard as I try to balance life and manage time, all I'm capable of doing is living.

Babycastles isn't an organization, it's a way of life.

JR Saikyo Line dark green to JR Keihin Tohoku Line teal

Attack on Titan

9/18
The days at Tomo's house were uncreative, lazy. No creativity in work not socially. I woke up late on my first day in Tokyo. I'm not thinking about my surroundings. I'm not thinking about time. I need to start thinking about work a little. Work at night, talk to people during the day.

No feelings in Tokyo. I need to make more social connections to generate excitement, or things to do and places to visit, especially with locals. I need ambition. I should be inspired by my surroundings, yet, I am not.

Reply to Suichi. Meet more people.

Base in Taiwan. Catch gigs in New York, Tokyo, Paris, and around the world.

Download pimsleur and rosetta stone Japanese. Watch cowboy bebop once per day. Translate the entire episode. Read Japanese book, review, and self-test like pimsleur.

For today, use learn Japanese app.

I need to remember that exploring without direction or excitement does not yield a positive outcome.

Next time, just take a stroll around the neighborhood, or talk to people at the hostel, or old friends.

Harajuku on Sunday, yogigi park.

Contact arcade game makers.

Traditional instrument music arcade. Players must be more careful. No sounds from games, only headphones, so that the arcade creates a nice ambience for a nearby cafe.

Taiko game installation, using Nintendo wii game, or better, a PC version, installed at a temple, filmed.

Can place an instrument in a favorite temple of mine, such as the seashell one, one that befits the instrument. Public art, to beautify Taiwan.

I left the hostel without direction because I hate being indoors. It feels as if the world moved without me. I need to be with people all of the time, yet I need to maintain my high level of thinking.

Babycastles in Chinese. Baobaochuanwu. Bamboo sign with neon lights inside. The bamboo is cut to reveal more light.

My works should mix traditional and contemporary, undeveloped and developed, old generations and current.

9/19
In Japan and Korea, it's difficult to see struggle from sight, but it exists. Just not in the form of appearance.

No motivation to learn, only to make. Keep following motivation. Keep creating. Don't stop. Contact people as you did in. Hong Kong.

Learning a language should not be separate from living. Live and learn languages, never in class, unless the class is conversational.

Direction feels so good.

Cafes, like offices, are restraining, especially without people. It's only a place to force yourself to work. Only go if you are motivated to work.

Yokohama is full of old professionals, office workers.

Wasted so much time today, trying to be productive, but failing. The only way is to keep creating direction.

Way too much time spent alone today. Failed to contact old friends. Failed to do anything. A day alone is a waste. Why was I so lazy in the morning? Why am I not seeking social activity? Is it the social norm defeating me? Perhaps I should live in a hostel. Perhaps Taiwan is a better place as I wouldn't mind being like them.

Notes, Japan MasterCard

Print hirigana and katakana

83d2c356b35c9

Tomorrow:
Print (top 100 kanji, only 2000, don't confuse with Chinese, or print top 100 Chinese characters) Call police. Get visa. Either come back or stop at a cafe. Pay cash advance (tonight). Inform police. See how far embassy is. Contact organizations. Go to art organizations. Check art events. Apply to NYU jobs. Contact NTU. Contact CCU, inform arriving on 25th. Work on Crystal Brawl. Work on Doodle Tangle. Watch cowboy bebop. Internet cafe for 100 yen!

Shinigawa 93

Live and make stuff.

Play NYU games.

Ideas:
I spy for iPhone.

Take advantage of traditional things in Taiwan. Make use of laborers and crafters. Install art in outdoor temples. Anywhere on the island. Stay outside. Buy a scooter. Take it around on the weekends.

To daily:
Don't feel bad in then morning about waking up late. Step outside. Plan what to do. Then proceed, happily.

I was at my height of senses in Hong Kong because I was transitioning from a developing county to a developed one. That is how I should think all of the time. But then, if I did, I wouldn't have friends. It's tough to live in that state of mind. One has to step down. Seoul was great too, being extremely social. Not even moving without social interaction. I lived by the hour, constantly surrounded by people. In Japan, I failed. With the help of Busan, the suburbs and Tomo's house, I lost a lot of ambition and interest in exploration.



9/20
Feeling restless. Not enough social communication. I need friends, work friends, family. Keep creating and talking.

My heart is going to explode if I don't talk to someone.


9/21
Dazzling light by IKEDA shu
Experiments recorded in real life, reality TV?
Dog sled
Sushi toy trucks
Hirikawa Kota
Sci-Fi photographs, kutsuna koichiro
Edgar close 2009, a metaphysical survey of British dwellings

Life in a different time period is like experiencing a new culture.

Conclusion: old media has been explored for too long. There's more in game and new media.

Color:
Okuyama Tamie*
Matsumoto yuke
Matsuke ayumi
Ikehila Teppei*

A single theme is good.

Tape recorders.
Fictional roller coasters

9/22
Time and travel
New experiences make time pass slow. While traveling I'm always experiencing something new. Meeting new people, seeing new things, taking a new path, eating something new, thinking about these new things. There is no routine in traveling. I wonder, will I be able to translate this to work? Most work requires routine. Only the design stage is new. How will I be able to satisfy my hunger for the new while working?

I think I did well working a few hours at night at hostels, but what about the day time when my brain was dead. Should I learn to do nothing, consume nothing? Is this okay?

I need to live during my night hours. Stay outside, in a park, in a hostel. Keep living and working, even during off hours.

The only way I learn is by creating via motivation. There is no other way. No point of forcing myself to learn.

9/22
Today is such a failday. I thought it was better to stay directional, but without social life it doesn't make sense.

I'd rather consume more than less. I'd rather be social than not.

One way to do this is to have like-minded peers. Another way is to balance work and life, separating the two, hopefully not by too much.

9/23
Depression in Tokyo. Failed to create connections. Thinking very slowly, without excitement. Will I pick up in Taiwan? Can I do it alone? Hopefully I will be social with the people at the hostel, and the public. I just need to stay outside.

What caused this? Going to Busan? The slow pace of the suburbs? The lack of constant social activity?

Maybe the coffee did help.

Busu.com
 - language exchange?
 - practice Japanese, Spanish, French

Forgot hirigana/katanaka charts

While traveling, one wants to eat, meet people, talk to people. Everyday life things, but in the perspective of a traveler, these things are new. New food, people, culture, sights. How does one maintain the excitement when one has serene everything? Media? Creativity?

As it the coffee that kept me going hourly in Seoul? The heat? No commute?

In focusing too much on fine art as opposed to the things around me as I did while traveling.