Where to begin preparing for a revolution?

Places vary in degrees of human progress and not, institutionalization and not. It is obvious. One can sense hope, playfulness, liberal values, cooperation as opposed to hopeless, robots, conservative value, non-cooperation.

Any pure child will naturally gravitate toward a better social environment.

Similarly, those are the places where it is best to cooperate, live, progress society, experiment. One will get feedback immediately. There are lots of pure-minded people still in cities, especially near universities. They have not become closed-minded, bitter, cold, house-dwellers, parochial-mended farmers.

Having a commune in a close-minded, hopeless area is just about that: hopeless. Just imagine the effort required to change the spirit of hopeless areas into something like New York, or some small university town. It’s a near impossible task. The only thing one accomplishes in such an area is the individual-level changes. Nurturing a few artists from the area that would have been constrained otherwise.

All of the hope are in cities. The youth, by demographics. The universities. The open-minded people. It’s a brooding ground for anarchy.

Then, why leave? Rent, and non-ideal environment: no nature.

The cost of living can be worked around. No nature cannot.

I feel this divides people, hippies especially, and even including me, as I enjoy biking through farms, bathing in hot springs and water-falls, and so on.

So, we leave, and have to build our own environment. Some go to farms, or other small towns. Some, including me, will go to the extreme of making my own dwellings in even more natural areas, knowing that the small towns and farms have much worse people than the main city.

Thus, I think there are two options: the city or nature. I have even reached this conclusion several times before as figuring out where to live.

The problem is that in nature, there is no revolution. There is just a commune. You and your friends living in nature, with little contact to the surrounding anarchically backwards peoples; Though, it is worth noting, environmentally, they are forward peoples, living simply.

The best one can hope for is to create a good communal place, just as one can in small towns or small cities. People will come and go. That is all.

The main pro of this is that it has the potential to be far more ideal than a space in the city. One can do anything in nature! The environment can reach the highest ideals. Primitive DIY galore. None of it is possible in the city.

The pro of the city space is that one can build a huge network, cooperate, share, work together toward direct actions: more sharing, of food, of welfare, of housing, and so on. Also, the city is just a far more socially stable environment. A place where one can really grow, socially. Few personalities do well isolated.

The real change happens in the city, during direct actions in the public. Monkey see monkey do behavior, with the commune-dwellers as role models for city-dwellers.

The space in nature, can only record themselves, put a video online, showing how they live. It’s in-direct, mediated monkey see monkey do. Thus, it’s far less powerful, and non-social. Few people change because of media. People change because of the nearby culture, nearby people, nearby situations, and so on.
—

But what’s most interesting is that the social revolution, of getting rid of the government, of all of its institutions, that, that is only possible in the city. It takes educating, de-institutionalizing, talking to people on a street level, every-day, of everyone coming together. The social revolution must definitely take place on the city. In nature, one is stuck with a few friends and a few rifles.

What can be done in nature is this: building a completely new society, foregoing concrete n’ all. Thinking of everything from primitive technologies on up. It’s a different level. It’s empowering too.

So, it’s best to have both: one in nature and one in the city. One constructive from a base primitive level, and one constructive in that it goes from institutions to anarchy. Then, one can work on either endeavor. Want to deal with influencing people?, go to the city. Want to just do things on your own?, go to nature.

In nature, one can still use technology. Use Twitter to talk. Create new technologies against powers. Document. Agitate. So, it’s not completely useless. American Black culture used media amazingly well to stick together. Sure, it’s not natural. Not as natural as just having conversations with the people around you in a city, but, it’s unfortunately the culture of any place out-side of the city anyway: to use tech-communications.

It might be a rebel’s life’s trend to be in the city during one’s 20s, in the fray of the struggle to change others; Then, during the 30s, shift to building a commune. One shifts from negative to positive anarchy, giving up on the public, and importantly, taking care of the next generations of pure children.
—

In places where institutionalization is too deep, Blade Runner level, then, building a new society becomes the only option. I can envision this is the case for Japan and Korea, just as it is for any area out-side of Taibei in Taiwan. There’s just no way to build progress as fast as the speed of institutionalization. The flowery spaces will get crushed, ignored.

Nature does have this to its advantage: that it is much harder to police, suppress. In fact, it’s easier for the people in small towns to swamp the police stations and places of governance.

Nature also has the advantage of having people with much higher quality of values. People in the city may still be very capitalist, pro-government, ‘n so on, yet contradictorily be a hippie, or, at least a hipster. Their values are inclined toward ideals, but, growing up in such an environment, even idealists can become extremely capitalistic. Also, obviously, environmental ethics are built into the environment.

So yeah, nature’s not so bad! City artists are often extremely capitalistic anyway, lost in becoming individuals and surviving within the system. The real artists in the cities are ones that make public art and end up sleeping on the public streets.

City solidarity is extremely unequal and fake compared to people who live on farms or in nature. The income disparity much lower. Yet, the occupy protests proved that it didn’t matter. People still get along…

Anyway, none of this matters! The point is to rid government and institutions! That’s all. Capital can come later, can’t it?

Eh, I’m thinking it’s best to just start out with a commune and go from there. Anything else seems too complex, especially at the individual level, of differences in personality, etc. every-day conflicts.