Really need music to keep me focused on the plan, not to procrastinate. It’s in the music! And... in exercise? I think. Maybe. Caffeine too.

1. Line
  - need to check and delete friends
  - need to prevent being added to groups
3. Facebook
  - need to check and delete friends
    - need to pay that one guy back for helping out in Taibei before deleting
5. Gmail
  - clean
7. job search.

really need to follow up though. Really really difficult without a phone and sim card. Really really difficult, because I hate to further isolate myself into a convenience store or even the log out-side. I like to use technology when I’m in a good, healthy, social environment, *not* in an isolated, office-like one.

Also need a phone to just straight up call people, know directly, immediately. No bullshit. Call. Yes or no? Move on. The phone means everything. Need to pay Google Voice asap.
  - it’s also social this way. Sure, one will run into a bunch of shallow liars, but, it’s better to know immediately, and to never contact or think about that person again.

nearby temp jobs:
(remember to check e-mails and messages)

0. 拉門
1. try using wifi at the log tomorrow afternoon? or family mart after dinner?
2. ask 小米 for 250 (200 gas and water, 70 蚊香)
  - try to use gas and money sparingly, perhaps only eating at night, allowing two whole weeks
3. 廚房助手，台南市安平區文平路249號
  - can stop by? perhaps no e-mail or message provided?
p/搬貨in安平
p/cram school teachers, full-time, non-English, https://www.1111.com.tw/job/78515028/
x/some sort of group buying bull-shit, https://www.careerjet.com.tw/jobview/1815c6a0ee4517a682396b6fae47ca1e.html
p/carrefour, part-time, perfect work shift, https://www.1111.com.tw/job/79935140/
p/janitor for a cram school in 永康, 4 hours / week, https://www.careerjet.com.tw/jobview/34f8069cb9d4452199c8e3b02219f49b.html
p/move stuff gig in 仁德 in the evening (5-8pm), https://www.careerjet.com.tw/jobview/b84b7e495f6c35d36deede2533f0d1c3.html
4. red tea shop on minzu road, https://www.careerjet.com.tw/jobview/a321b1721c72cbdbf4634cb83e0d0742.html
  - need to stop by on the way to the bhuddist restaurant, franchise though


嘿。我們幾位愛海的外國人找找看附近的工作。如果妳會用公平應徵，請回答吧。

Search part II.
vegetarian restaurant, can stop by and ask, https://www.careerjet.com.tw/jobview/bd617a20ebc0b3f62950dabdfa923d96.html
night market, DIY, high-pay!!, need to register to website to see contact info, https://www.careerjet.com.tw/jobview/c7ba7035bae77f942907d210c32462a1.html


—
Mostly just need one simple job, then:
buy domain name
  - must go to post office to sort credit card authorization
buy engine oil x2 + repairs
buy plane ticket (two ways!)
pay small debts
buy gas and stove (or ask 啊良)
  - look for him and ask to help
buy door lock (ask 小米)
buy charger
buy internet
apply for US tax stuff, or even un-employment?
try teaching English online (need a good working atmosphere at home, especially, solar-recharging lights)
try finding other online gigs (especially proof-reading, writing, etc.)
  - **much faster than trying to make contractual agreements with Taiwanese people, especially for money**. Stick to digital work. Fuck suburban, rural, traditional-conservative, institutionalized people; They judge based on narrow-minded values, desiring kin.
    - **and, as far as looking for work in Taiwan, stick to calling or messaging and deleting on bad response (inequality, inconsiderate, etc.).**
check online for schools on the east side
can try driving / traveling around the east side of Taiwan in search for school work
better yet, can just look online for simple jobs on th east side, i mean, Fuck Tainan anyway. It’s either Taidong or Taibei. The rest are backwards, conservative-thinking cultures.
  - also, can check online for communities, perhaps, anywhere in Taiwan! But, mostly, the east side.
  - if not, must organize my own, first, on the east side, but perhaps later, have a mobile park (in or near nature) out-side of Taibei... Or first Taibei? Hmmm. Taibei allows easier money via selling food and drinks.
even better: can look for any kind of work in Taiwan! Farming, fishing, nature, whatever! Make an adventure out of it! Motorcycle rides. Later, hopefully, car rides! Cool! As long as it provides lodging...or, I have my tent. (this path would lead to portable stove and gear...quite a pain compared to a car.)
i feel like i can get back into computering in the winter. Change it up for the summer, perhaps to expression-based arts (performance, film-essay, rap-essay, etc.)

later:
can write up Taiwan experience (living as a non-English worker): work, visas, cultures, cultural problems, life abroad, best way to live
search for temporary institutional or contemporary work in Indonesia? Vietnam? Elsewhere? Travel! :) Free again.
  - working and living with anarchist spaces in other countries?
  - would really need lodging, motorcycle, all provided. Unless I have a really good tent.
Live in a mobile home in New York! Sell milk tea (and normal teas). Busk. Mmmmm. Perfect. :)
  - then can spend time in communal spaces (in addition to the public of the city), perhaps taking care of one as work
  - can also have a mobile home for the west coast, for work in nature [or rural areas]! :o
    - can take it south toward the Zapatistas!

Communal and Individual Spaces
It seems the idea of coming from home, a home without rent especially, with a kitchen and warm shower, internet, a computer: everything necessary for homeostasis; then, going to a city, while maintaining that home seems to be a trend in my thoughts. It’s maintaining a sense of home, instead of just paying money to crash and eat wherever and whatever. It’s not communal. It’s independent. But, it provides security, enables one to follow one’s own natural timings, and, live quite productively, without the hassles and forces (often the desired organizations) of others. It enables one to live in one’s own natural accord, while being able to live anywhere, interacting with anyone, without relying on anyone else. Therefore, it follows the golden rule.

Capitalism forces people to break the golden rule, relying on others, for food, drink, shelter, everything. A mobile home reduces most of the forces. One might not be able to grow food or catch water on their mobile home, but, with a filter and toaster or rice-cooker, it’s not bad.

This sort of life isn’t as close to people as hostels, CouchSurfing, shared apartment, communes, or other shared living situations. It’s quite lonely really. Not communal. The forces of society are much lessened, and, therefore, for me, it’s extremely difficult to do. I nearly have to be forced by circumstance to take the route. Certain other personalities, often the hippie kinds are far better suited.

I think it’s best to merely use the mobile home as a crash pad, as opposed to a communal space. The communal space is then seperated from the living space—well, at least the place where one sleeps and does their morning routine. I personally enjoy being in the communal space the entire time, even sleeping anywhere in it (I like having the sounds of people nearby), without need for personal space. I am able to get into a personal state of mind simply by focusing inwardly. My diet and living standards are neat and extremely simple.

But, it seems, the living together in a commune is more difficult than imagined. Rent. Different life-styles: eating habits, cleaning habits, etc. It all gets in the way. So, we must seperate the two. Yet, families and shared apartments do it...so... it’s not impossible. Yeah, we really should be able to live together...