never apathetic, can never become apatethic, a thought evoked by Oscar Wild’s pure personality ideal:
In the past, I treated [all] people as commune-dwellers, equals, or, the ability to change and act equally. I must now give that up. The world is too fucked up, too institutionalized, too ingrained with evil education. I can’t change it, some-times not even on an individual level, a single human being. It’s that difficult.

I retreat to the few good people, make good systems, tools, and media. Build a fantasy world. Ignore the real world. It is wrong. It is a way of life I’ve avoided and even hated agains [as opposed to constant direct action]. But, for the moment, at least, to get out of poverty, I must.

It takes years of poverty and a year of poverty in isolation to reach this point.

**I’ve lived to rebel against the city.** To react upon the wrongs in reality. To react by motivated by the goodness in reality. To live for those that upkeep the survival of society and to rebel against the evils. To continually do that.

Yet, Oscar Wilde argues that this rebelling, effort against society, is all a waste. That it’s not true / perfect / personality / individual. Yet, my personality is completely reliant on the society, on people.

My personality, like the female culture, is nearly entirely based on the actions of others, with me just reacting. Whatever culture I am in, I am reacting to that culture. Sure, I have my own thoughts and actions, but, the motives come from the people.

Without people, I am nothing, but a dead soul.

Oscar praises musicians, poets, and other artists. I only praise them if they are motivated by the realities of the world: inequality, feelings with others, etc. Sitting at home and making classical music is the soul of a dead person. Singing slave songs, folk songs, spoken word, rap, however, *is* soul music.

Pure artists only exist out-side of society, holed up, in their parents’ houses. What would I have been as a child? A game-maker. It’s true, I can’t make games because of how entrenched with society I have become over time... Even my game ideas went toward making more and more serious games as I grew older, with intents to changing or educating people, instead of the pure aspect of playing.

Oh well.

As long as wrongs exist—‘empire’, inequality, etc.—I believe it is wrong to be a pure artist, completely ignoring reality. The right thing to do is to fix society, which is, the structures of society.

The best artists in my mind are the ones that attempted to do it, created art about it, or otherwise inspired others to do it: from past critical thinkers to utopian animators. It’s not some pure artists like a musician or film-maker that is completely detached from reality [I can’t even think of any...], it is precisely those that are entrenched in it: the rebelling buskers and ‘new-wave’ film-makers; expressing and making sense of it all at the moment.

A pure personality?...is a child. An adult enters the real world and deals with it.

I’ve encountered pure-hearted people, people that live isolated (in their house), completely ignoring all of reality. I don’t like them. They are not helping. They are merely ignoring and living. They are not part of the human community. They are a tribe of their own. Pure, sure. But, as long as they consider themselves human, wrong...in my mind.

Pure artists, those pure personalities that do yoga, live ‘fitter, better, happier’, care only for their immediate family, and ignore the world? I hate them. Pure, yes. Like a child, yes. But utterly useless in the progress of humans. People suffer while they act as spoiled children, spending most of life choosing what to eat. They are not part of the programme. (Of course, that is not what is [/Oscar] meant by pure personalities. That is just a personality-type. [[lol, I think I was just ranting on a personality-type clash :)]]

Those pure people? Those are detached people. The people that live in rich suburbs, hiding their children away from reality. I loathe them. It’s where I come from.

Face reality, don’t hide from it. We must face it.

Apathy leads to an apathetic existence, as seen in America, at least since I was born—1987 ‘til the recent Black America movements, and probably dating back to post-Vietnam War. It’s just continued ignorance, whether conscious or not.

Pure artists? Nah. I want real artists. Artists that face reality, truthfully.