night of packing in Tainan (cont.):

Really need music with head-phones to get in the groove of thinking...

Lots of dreams of the east side of Taiwan...

Been thinking about rural culture. The independent, pioneering, entrepreneur that comes from living in such an isolated place... The need to create and organize everything because they don’t exist locally. Battle rap, Melee, game art, etc. None of it exists in Taiwan, and surely not on the east side of Taiwan, but, if I loved those cultures enough, I’d organize events for them.

Yet, before spreading those cultures, would come the every-day creative, caring life: of helping those around, caring for stray animals, the poor (home-less), the elderly... Then comes hippie life: local vegetables, simple-living, etc. Then, creating art / media about hippie life. Then, finally, could one think of entertainment cultures. There’s a priority, and it begins with survival.

Growing up in America, that priority is lost. Few are out there every-day caring for others, only the bhuddist-types. Few are recycling, up-cycling, trying to use the surrounding materials to survive, only the artsy-types. Instead, we grow up with all these cultures around us, thrown into it, without deciding on our own of what to do. We consume, join events, join existing cultures, because it makes us happier.

The right things to do is difficult. It’s hard work, boring, repetitive, straining. It takes much perseverance to simply survive self-sufficiently: to fetch water from a natural source, to grow one’s own food or gather extras from nearby farmers. Everything is work. New systems have to be created.

Well, I think its only difficult when doing all of that alone, which leads back to the rural problem: nobody in rural areas have these cultures. One has to create and/or spread them. One has to invite others, let them participate, somehow create an interest in something they don’t know of...

Consuming is part of being cultured. Participating, joining events, is being in the culture.
-

To help the east coast, take care of it, seems like a great dream: to repair the homes of elderly, to teach or threaten those that don’t dispose of waste properly, to create work, to care for orphans, to provide a communal space for everyone, to create community.
-

The valley is too Chinese, in a bad way. I would really have to stick to the coast and mountains. The Chinese development, is racist, non-cooperative, much like Tainan, or, most of Taiwan really. Only the coast and mountains would have more altruistic work: caring for aboriginals, caring for the land, etc.