A thought from earlier: Tainan and similarly cultured people are terrible at working together. Much like The Factory,

Much like The Factory, they don’t want to work with other people. They are closed off. They are a closed organization. Though they alllow other people to be near them, even beside, them, they retain doing their own things, following their own ways, their own routines, their own traditions.

These *non-cooperative people* don’t come together, don’t work together, don’t build institutions. Instead, they retain their little islands, villages, tribes. They are the opposite of city-people. City people try to work together toward a better environment, together. City people are cooperative.

The result of non-cooperative people living close to each other is Tainan: a city full of villages and village-people. They don’t do anything together. They stay at home. They don’t take anyone into consideration. They just live in their own world. Their mind is a one-way path that involves only theirselves. Nothing else in the world exists in their minds. Fetch food. Work. Eat. Get by. That’s it. That’s their mind and life.

They are the worse sort of people I’ve ever encountered in my life. They are absolutely in-considerate, oblivious even, of everything. They don’t really count as either fake nor real, as they haven’t developed a culture enough to be considered as such. They’re simple just not human enough to be considered fake. They are animals. Not even institutionalized robots. They learned how to survive, but, that’s really it. The rest of the brain’s development is missing. Even robots and zombies have more developed brains.

Surely, places like Tainan will die off, as cities grow, taking on more contemporary minds. Traditions die off. That’s natural. Thank gawd!

The reason such disgusting minds exist is because they live in a culture that allows them to continue to their disgusting ways of life. The Chinese culture allows it. The Chinese cultures allows anything. There’s no authority here. Which is good and bad [I think I covered in a past thought].
|
In a culture with authority, such as most contemporary cities, they will be taught, either by enforcement by law-enforcers, or, by the culture: of people constantly correcting them, telling them to fucking do the right thing: drive correctly, don’t litter, etc.

Thus, it a problem of Chinese culture to allow such atrocities to continue to exist. In any culture with authority, either by law or by culture, those minds would have long been molded, or, they would be stuck at home, bitter at the world of beauracracy...Which is, contradictoraly, how I feel in developed countries!

So...where’s the balance in beauracracy, enforcement, rules, laws? [todo: new writing]

- - -
If I had a home, I’d have signs and boundaries clearly written and etched out. If someone dis-obeys, I’d enforce my own rules by beating down their assets with a steel bat. I’m feeling just that Clint Eastwood now. I can’t wait. :)

This entire country might be disgusting: the south-west is most digesting filled with Tainan-like Chinese people, the mountain-bases with Hakka Jew-like people, the north-west with Silicon-Valley-like capitalist-rationalists, the north with rat-racers (though, not really disgusting, just, sad really), the rural areas including the north-east though a little different than Tainan are still Chinese-like with all the negative traits that come with it. That leaves the extreme south and the east-side. The extreme south contains some aboriginal tribes, a tourist town, and a tourist beach-resort area. The east contains aboriginal tribes and the rural valley, which, might be disgusting too, possibly even more disgusting than Tainan and Yilan; I mean, it’s the industrialized farming traditional Chinese. Yuck! Oh, and I forgot about the mountain areas; They might be a combination of aboriginals and terribly traditional, even backwards, isolated for centuries, type of people.

So...what does that leave? Aboriginals. Hippie communes. Artist communities in cities. Foreigner travelers and expatriates. These are the only sane people in this country. These are the only sane people in any East Asian country, perhaps even most Asian countries. The rest are riddled with disgusting traditiaonl habits and minds.

The way out? Ignore everyone. Ignore the whole country. Just use digital markets: sell commodities online, crowd-fund, tech-projects. The rest of the country is too backward, or too institutionalized. Too traditional or too city. The middle, the natural people, is missing. They only exist in the suburbs and hip neighborhoods in the inner-city. I guess it’s the same everywhere: the few smart people are spread out, or, in Brooklyn-like neighborhoods. The rest is stupid.

To create an ideal world, full of good, one must either go to nature, stay at home in a sub-urban house, or, go to Brooklyn. In the suburbs, one quickly faces despair, just out-side of one’s house, as the artificial streets and cookie-cutter development prevails, along with cookie-cutter institutions, chain-restaurants, chain-stores, chain educational-institutions, and so on. In hip inner-city neighborhoods, one faces despair just out-side of that neighborhood, as one gets closer to the financial district, or, as one gets further, entering the stupidity of the suburbanites; It’s only in-between where the city cultural enclaves, hippies, and hipsters all unite. In nature, and only in nature, alone, is one truly avoiding despair, and instead, creating new despairs: no people to interact with. And the solution to that: to invite those idealists to live together, in nature. Hopefully, good friends can be tolerated.

That’s the goal for the idealist: to create, organize, or move into a more and more ideal environment. And, the most ideal is the one inside one’s head. And to manifest that, it can only be done in nature, alone. The rest of the world goes against your ideas of ideals. Only you, and perhaps those extremely rare other primitive anarchists have something similar in mind: nomadic foragers, building ever-more efficient natural life-styles.

The rest of the world, the sheeple, will fall into the dirty hands of the institutions originally created as a means to survive within capitalism. It’s a vortex that’s difficult to defeat. The sheeple will continue to be sucked in. The idealists will continue to wade their ways out. Can the idealists get the sheeple out? Or will the black hole that is capital destroy everything? History clearly shows that the black-hole has been winning since forever.

When or where has there ever been a time when the idealists were winning? Only in ideas: in books, arts. Otherwise, it is but a dream. A dream held out in art communities, communes, common rooms, ideal spaces world-wide. Always losing to capitalism.

Capital destroys relations, interrupts progress toward anarchy. It takes idealists’ time from organizing anarchy and wastes it toward accumulating wealth. It requires so much organizational work from the idealists to reverse the destructive workings of capitalism, perhaps exponentially more, from an exponentially less amount of people. It is only through the use of tools, technology that the idealists can fathom winning this battle.

Media control. De-insitutiaonlization of minds. De-institutionalized of areas. There’s a path. There’s a way. Surely, there is.