To live without people, one is free.

To live with people freely, freedom requires constant checks of power [actions].

To live with people powerlessly might be an oxymoron:

Relationships have imbalances, gives and takes, gifts and receivings.

Personalities each have different modes of being: ways of: organizing, thinking, sensing, doing, creating.

Personalities have different degrees of desire for each desire.

Cultures each have different sets of beliefs.

Individuals comprise of several instances of each of these.

Then, how could it ever be possible for individuals to ever live together, equally?

...

Constant awareness of one another?

Constant consensual agreements for every conflict? [real politics]
  - Consensus from every member?

Yes.

Constant conflict-solving. Though, as long as the people are open-minded, people should be able to get by quite fine, as many do in shared apartments in American cities.

—

In a utopian tribe, there are the creators of the tribe, and then everyone else. The creators have no special powers, other than having the special title of being a founder.

The creators of the tribe do have a special responsibility; It is the same responsibility that parents have to children; To raise humans in an ideal way to the best of their ability.

Like parents, the creators hide the world of capital away from the rest of the tribe. The members grows, developing into what they’re supposed to develop into.

To keep the tribe alive, one must pass the knowledge of the ways of separating the capital world to potential successors.

The ways of separating mostly involve survival skills, but also, dealing with out-siders (protection tactics), and perhaps some basic out-sider concepts (to use a hospital in case of once in a life-time emergencies, for example). The most important skill, at least for the first creators, is the ability to obtain capital.

Capital is still necessary: for resolving debts that new members have (that can’t be resolved otherwise), for aid during the the attempts of the first creators to find and build suitable living places, and emergencies.

The methods to obtain capital shouldn’t conflict with one’s values. So, if one doesn’t want to use a car, work with plastics, industrially farm, then, don’t. Find a way to do it at home with a computer, or, through various hippie ventures.

... [todo: continue]

—

One of the main problems is the cost of the renting of property.

To absolve this problem, one must learn to survive, negotiate with people (farmers, aboriginals, etc.), and find suitable places to live.

One doesn’t need much more than a gazebo with electricity.

—

Life begins with people. But not the people in cities. Rather, people at home, in nature.

Go out into nature. Do things. Make things.

By the time one enters the artificial environment, one will treat it like nature, as one’s own culture is so natural, merely fetching wasted artificial materials for one’s own projects.

—

