Felt great today, yet, not any closer to working. Wasted motorcycle rides to the religious kitchens that only feed people, instead of actually getting them a steady stream of money to help people take care of themselves.

It’s tradition. It’s all tradition’s fault. Everything.

- - -
A moment ago I was thinking about Spirited Away (Sen Chihiro[?]). The whole film follows Chihiro as she must escape a crazy world, and the way out, is to simply do the work; Do the work, whatever it is, however bad it is, do it well, and get the fuck out. Based in Jiufen, Taiwan, that truly may be the only way to get out of such a wretched place, just as it is for me to get out of Tainan. Both for the same reasons: tradition. The tradition in Jiufen is tourist hot springs resorts. The tradition in Tainan is snack-size foods. And the way out is to find that one kind soul willing to take me in, although I don’t belong here, just go under that person’s wing, do the work, then move on, go home, which, really is just in the distance. I’m stuck in Tainan, and my home is in Taidong, yet, it seems impossible to get out.

I have to find that single kind soul. I have to keep looking until I find that person. For Chihiro, that lady found her. For me, there is nobody.

The world of capitalism in traditional areas really is that strange: rich people staying in hotels, eating a lot, driving fancy cars, completely oblivious to the perspectives of others. Capitalism in traditional cultures is the scariest thing ever: basically, slave and master. The in-equality is clear: the slaves do what the masters want. When societies develop, the in-equalities become a harder to distinguish, as power spreads out in more complex ways: to mass educational institutions, corporations, tax, fees, laws, property, etc.

Still, the capitalism in traditional places, though more clear, more likely to lead to direct actions such as straight up fighting those previously-mentioned masters, is harder for most personalities’ to get out of, because there are no egalitrian places, laws, cultures, or anything really, to help them. One almost had to abide the stupid traditions of the traditional culture to obtain wealth, assets, or, whatever to get out of the stupid place. One can’t simply rely on a corporate work-place such as McDonald’s to get some money and get out without fuss. One has to work with the stupid people, abide their stupid rules, at least for the moment, to progress and get out. One has to become traditional and stupid, just like the culture, to progress in it.

...And for my personality, that’s really really hard.