***** yeah, again, but explicitly mentioned, it is really strange how such short distances can change lives drastically, from poverty to wage labor contracts to free.

The world is like this, invisible chains of bondage or responsibility all over.

It may be better to segregate by area after all, as states (governments) do. It makes things more clearer. If everyone within one area is a communist, then, it is clear and easier to control the area.

In cities, it is less clear, with people entering a place with communist values one moment (family, communal spaces) and then corrupted ones the next (wage labor places, business meet-ups).

Cities would become divided by neighborhoods, but, now, as buildings are so tall, it would be really complex, by individual room.

Is a place enough? To maintain such values? To maintain those relations with others? Just kick people out the place? Or, kick people out of the social group?

Yeah, normally it’s social groups, groups of friends, with stronger moral values and a bit of loyalty. The place doesn’t matter as much as the group. But, then, there isn’t a place for the public to feel the values of the group.

It seems better to have a space / place, where the values are kept in tact, and, upheld. Because that’s what’s most important: that the values are maintained.

Social groups have no power to maintain values, to hold others accountable. Rather, it’s the control of place that makes it easier to control the values of people and therefore the place.

Social groups would have to be vigilantes, active moral-upholders to maintain values. Places can rob and kick people out, use exclusion.

It’s difficult to feel the good values in a city, unless, one keeps their head in the right places and people. A controlled area, however, would have the values in the air, all over. No need to hide from mid-town, capital, certain cultures. All areas would feel good.

A larger place, isolated from the city, is better than a few social groups and holes in the city.