Being alone is a crazy long process. Of lonely pangs, hungry for social life. When all of life was dictated by the pulls of human relations, desire to gift, help, cooperate, then, when human relations disappear, what is life?

This is where a connection with media / art begins. It’s through the art / mediums people are communicating. But, it’s narrow, as most people don’t art through the forms of rap. They art through everyday actions in life.

Then, one needs people again. Media is useless. A distraction, temporary relief while being alone, like sitcoms or radio shows. I never consume such shit, but, recently, I did listen to quite a few rap albums and see their interviews.

Oh well. Time to continue with life.

Rap, and especially rap videos are strange mediums. A short film centered on a person rapping, and their environment. Words to the pace of a beat.

Anyway, none of it beats the reality of actions done with nearby people. They provide the feedback, interactions that humans really need, to satisfy.

I hated my time in Tainan. Though I didn’t hate my time in Yilan, it was also quite lonely. There are no humans in these rural areas, just as there aren’t any in the suburbs. They’re all zombies, to media or to labor. They’re not interacting with each other as humans in cities do. It’s wildly strange. Alienated. Absolutely alienated, from the real way of living. The natural way. Of talking to each other, learning about each other, cooperating. Instead, people sit in schools and offices consuming information. Nothing is natural. To even begin a natural interaction feels unnatural: one has to interrupt them from their stupor. I hate it. This is why I desire New York. People are direct, confrontational, natural. Perhaps with an unnatural work ethic, but, it somehow correlated with a natural propensity to naturally interact with other people. It’s the norm, to talk to people on the street.

Or maybe it’s just Tainan that’s fucking backwards. Taipei may have been okay. Just more money-oriented in their everyday actions.

Nature is surely the best. With a little town to get everything from, meet, interact.

In New York I can swerve through relations, living cooperatively the entire time, working with institutions. It’s constant cooperation, negotiation, positive communication, change. Outside of NYC, this only works in small social groups: communes, businesses, family. The institutions of cities outside of NYC suck; They don’t cooperate. They are merely slaves to their work, then go home. There is no free interaction, or a web of interactions. They restrict interaction to their own social unit (Japanese box theory). It’s static, non-preogressive. Further, no one desires to progress; That’s a Western thing. People just desire to live. That is all to their lives. **So, one can approach an Eastern institution with ideas and even do the work voluntarily, but, there’s no desire for them (the institution) to react by helping or cooperating. The result: the volunteer does the work alone, appearing manic, whereas the slave-like workers continue their daily existence.** Without the positive feedback of cooperation, one does not want to help such an institution. This is precisely why Western institutions flourish and why Eastern ones fail to grow. **No one wants to be a part of an family that does their own thing [stick to their daily habits], without reacting to the new energies and ideas people bring.** It happens in Japan too. **People are so indoctrinated, so deeply habituated, or into themselves, they don’t care for others.** That care for others (and their desires) is precisely where cities flourish, become healthy. It may unfortunately lead toward capital accumulation, over-work, inequal institutions, but, as long as it’s done out of the care for others, it *feels* good, it *feels* like a healthy social relationship. That sort of solid, healthy relationship between institutions and people doesn’t seem to exist in the East. Instead, it’s a slave-like contract between employer and employee, school and student, parent and child. The free-flowing social relations of a healthy city doesn’t exist in the East. People are closed off, institutionalized, in their own cliques, their walls up.

