I read perhaps three pages of *Sapiens*. And, the content just sucks. It doesn’t ask the right questions.

The right questions are:
Why is it that black culture is the way that it is. Black culture, [here I mean] being a global  phenomenon rather than particular to Black Americans. Black culture spans the Phillippines, Indonesia, Africans in any part of the world, Latin America, certain Aboriginal Taiwanese areas, and surely more.

Why are money-hoarding money-abusing (using money for all relations) cultures the way that they are? Jewish, Gujarati, Punjabi, Hakka, basically whenever a group of ‘uncles’ have a rich business club appearance.

And, why are homogenous, narrow-minded (culture-less) cultures the way that they are? Korean, Japanese, suburban America, often White American, and probably suburban areas around the world.

Why are other cultures the way that they are? Chinese Taiwanese in Taipei, Chinese Taiwanese in Tainan, Chinese Taiwanese in rural areas, Chinese Taiwanese in mountainous areas, younger Americans in cities, inner-city-dwellers, most Aboriginal Taiwanese tribes.

Can the factors that make the cultures different be pinpointed?

I think traits can be given for each culture:
Black: social, active, real, playful, creative, careless with money, careless with rules (laws)
Jewish: hard-working (especially toward money, tolerating accounting), cooks for themselves, takes care of their home and belongings, strives toward hoarding property (especially for businesses), works at family’s business, most law-abiding
suburban: work-ful, slave-like, 9-5, efficient, cookie-cutter moldings, suburbia cultural trope, works at corporation, law-abiding
city: most tolerant / open-minded / liberal, contract work, new ways of living, new ways of working, works irregularly (contracts, part-time, when necessary, events)
rural: intolerant / closed-minded, often desires to be left alone (angry farmer trope), stays at home, sells commodities, works with family
mountain: extremely intolerant / closed-minded, doesn’t even talk to outsiders, sells commodities, works alone or with family
island: tolerant to others but still maintains a deep boundary between islanders and outsiders: a shallow (fake) kindness

Those simple stereotypes that one may think of actually do hold up in reality. Piecing the world together, to me, is less about history or even anthropology and more about area-based cultures, country-based cultures, and ethnic-based cultures. How is a Japanese person from any part of that boring country supposed to get along with a lively soul from a Central American city? Are they supposed to?

Maybe not. Japanese people seem to be satisfied in being dissatisfied. Latin Americans are much happier and doing fine by themselves.

**We all have cultures we enjoy and dislike, even hate. The problem is that certain cultures pervade areas, dominate them, force others to follow their cultures.** Surely if a Black or Spanish cultured person could be social, energetic, joyful in their law-abiding, quiet work-place they would (a Chapelle joke comes to mind); But, a different culture dominates that work-place. Go to a Black or Spanish owned restaurant to see the difference in work cultures.

**...Much problems in society involves thinking about how to fit different cultures in the world.**, letting each culture be themselves, without much fuss. (*An aside: All of this is quite a different approach from my normal pro-anarchist culture, you know, trying to get people to act more natural, cooperate, share, be human, etc., simply because we are out-numbered, making up perhaps 100 for every 10 million or 0.00001%. So, that’s another project.*) And since we are under capitalism, within capitalism.

It’s great that Japan stays isolated. It’s not so great for those that suffer within that culture: migrant workers, and Japanese people that don’t like the vastly dominating norm. There’s always a clash, even in the most isolated of cultures.

As one goes to more complex Western countries, things become messy, usually for the good. People find their ways. But still, the clashes never seem to go away. There are deep differences in cultures to stay for generations. Even New York, Paris, and London couldn’t melt the cultures down to some sort of singular amiable [right word? to get along?] culture (open-minded / liberal?). The result is a liberal Brooklyn-like area surrounded by cultural / “ethnic” enclaves. So, one can have it all: home culture and the new culture. Not bad!

Yet, cultures still clash. All of the time. I guess it’s part of human life. One person grew up one way, another another way. Clashing is normal.

But when there is no end? Injustices?

And that’s where things change, or can change. To me, it seems, it is possible to further the moral part, the moral progress of human cultures. There are clear injustices, immoral acts, everywhere. It just requires constant vigilantism, until people learn. Cultures have to take videos, protect theirselves from clashing cultures. As one culture may have more power than the other (by money, law institutions), it will be unjustly resolved within law, but can be justly solved out-side of it, with raw opposing force, at the particular case level.

Americans are very good at this, especially east coast cities, calling anyone out, but, power-abiding Asian culture suck at it, take it in, whether too fearful to stand up or wrongly educated to wrongly consider that the other person is right or choosing to avoid confrontation, bottling it up. In this way, Americans face their problems and make moral progress whereas much of the world often does nothing, usually facing an impossibly large and stupid majority culture.

Perhaps it really is the American individualism that shines. That’s an ethic worth having pride for. But...I’m not really sure how it developed.

Suburbia? Good childhoods with free-time to be one’s self? Hmm...

(...back to clashing)

Perhaps culture clashes are a good thing. Both sides learn. Often, Western civ vs every other culture in the world. Otherwise, each culture would reign, dominating entire regions, as it does in countries with singular cultures, ostracizing any other culture.

New question: Is it better for the cultures of the world to get along with money or without money?

As I said, money-hoarding cultures abuse relations of capital, not thinking about the person behind every transaction, and, leading to wild inequal acts everywhere...

I think money is the only way many cultures even came together. Otherwise, if given the choice, they’d never go to the territory of a culture that they don’t gel with.

Yeah, money brings people together, but not in any natural way. It’s unnatural. Often, inequal.

Without money, one would have to get along with the culture. And that would be a really really interesting world...whoa. Can you imagine having to be cool with Indians just to get some spices? I guess you’d barter like the conquerors did...

Money...hmmm...

On the other side, money is quite good for avoiding other cultures, and just getting what you need, because, otherwise, you would never be able to be friends with certain cultures of people. For example, when I live in a traditional or rural area, my ethics are in complete disagreement with the shop-owner’s, yet, I need stuff to get by.

**Yeah, money is necessary. It’s near impossible to find altruistic, loving peoples. The next best thing is to have money, ignore everyone, do you and live right.** My vagabonding period of life is proof of that. Only the few altruistic hippies and anarchists would take me in, and even then, not willing to work together for money. Personalities wilder than mine would have no way to live.

It seems I am at a dead end: money is necessary, but, often, is a large factor in the clashes...no...hmm...it’s complex...insitutions, power, prejudices, etc., in addition to money.

**Well, the whole communized essentials (food, water, shelter) thing would also work...** **Just come together for survival, then go about your own ways.** That’s brilliant. And simple!

And property? Hmmm...communized. People just have to decide where they like to live, find a vacant spot, see if they get along with the neighbors, then live. Surely the world will become trashed this way...Especially rural lifestyles such as many Chinese (including Taiwanese) cultures. Yet, there will be people that do take care of their areas. It’s just different cultures: one belongs in a farm-shed and the other in a more civilized area. This division exists even in capitalism, with messy neighborhoods and whole factory-like cities, and, neater neighborly ones.

And still, even within a communal structure of society, all of the cultural clashes will still exist. But, I think, less, as long as the work and essentials are equal. It would result in far less situations where a person with power is abusing their power, treating workers like slaves with slave wages on slave contracts (nearly every business). Power-abusing personalities would be checked more too, as they don’t have any actual source of power anymore.

Then, without inequality at work, what is left? A lot. But, for me, that has always been the worst one, as one can’t do much in poverty. Equality in the rest of ethics would have to come after that.

But I can’t imagine any further equalities happening. I think just work equality is good enough. Then, people can divide into their preferred cultures. No need to change that. If one wants change, just move to a more liberal area. If one doesn’t want change, move to a traditional area.