Although there were many major problems inside and outside the court during the local court procedure (listed below), the main reason I am appealing is to be able to come back to Taiwan to see my friends, with whom I’ve lived with several summers, and to continue to do care-work with them, human and environmental. I believe the judges were not even conscious that charging me guilty would result in me, a non-Taiwanese citizen, being banned from entering Taiwan for 7 years. This is far worse than the punishment given. A few reasons to appeal:

[1*] During the trial, my turn to defend myself was accidentally ended early by the court-provided translator. The translator told the judges that I was done. The judges then immediately exited through the back door.

I truly believe it was a miscommunication with the translator. Immediately after the judges left, I asked my translator, “why did the judges leave?”. He told me that he thought I was done. I had only finished my first part. [evidence: court trial video or ask the translator]

Overall, the judges spent 85% of the time on questioning because the witness was late. I was given 15% of the time to defend myself, and then abruptly cut off. During that time I only had time to quickly re-tell the incident and provide one argument. I had several more arguments.

[2*] Every translator provided were so bad that I was forced to express my-self using my elementary Chinese, every-time, four times. Still, nearly every translator made major mistakes, which were then written by the public prosecutor.

[3*] I was compelled (by the public prosecutor and the judges) to sign every written testimony, despite not having time to comprehend it completely, four times. I was not allowed to bring my phone with a translator app three times

[4] Before the evidence-gathering court-hearing, the police defamed me by informing my neighbors and friends about the incident. The biggest problem was that they told my friend with whom I share a dwelling with. This scared her, so, I had to pack up and and search for a new home. Luckily, in the end, she believed in me. But, as a result, I didn’t have time to think about evidence. [evidence: if needed, my room-mate and a group of surfers during the incident can testify. Furthermore, I can ask my neighbors who told them.]

[5] The photos of the crime scene taken by the police that I requested were not given. (One part of my defense is that the police officer was wearing a jacket.) Coincidentally, only one photo of the crime scene was provided: a useless picture of my motorcycle.

[6] At the police station, I was not allowed to take photos of the bruises on my body, while the accuser casually took nice selfies of his own beside me (this is his sole evidence!). Instead, I was thrown into a detention center to heal.

[7] The police often wait out-side of my home at night around the time of the court dates. They quickly drive away once they see me come home.

[8] I was not able to receive court letters in time because the post office is unable to deliver mail to my address. After the police raided my home, I have learned that the only way to get mail is by checking the police station every week. This left little time to read them.

[9] During the day of the incident, the police recommended (basically compelled) me to continue to live in Tainan and even initially not allow me to ride my motorcycle. This mis-information has caused me to live in Tainan for 5 months, without a motorcycle for 1 month, all against my will. I never planned to live in Tainan permanently; This is why my dwelling is so simple. And that is why it is difficult to deliver mail to it.

[outro]
I have been compelled by the police to live in Tainan for 5 months, coerced to sign written testimonies that I did not write nor given time to completely read, given perhaps 15 minutes to defend myself in a language that I am not fluent in, and then finally abruptly cut off by a translator that the local court provided. Meanwhile, unlawful police activities go on all around the case. Now, in the end, I cannot come back to Taiwan for at least 7 years. Please think about this, and please consider the lives of non-Taiwanese dwellers.

I‘m only asking for a fair trial. I only need the freedom to express myself, through writing and speech. Please allow me to provide my own written testimony and my own translator, so that I can then provide my own defense. Only I can defend myself, not anyone else.

This writing is the first time I’ve been able to directly and completely express myself.



*[1, 2, 3] The court and police provided me translators because they refused to allow me to bring my own translator. [I asked during the evidence-gathering.]

The government organization, Legal Aid Foundation, failed to provide me a lawyer because they forgot to register information and forgot to communicate. They promised me an appointment with a lawyer 11 days before the trial. On the appointment day, they informed me that they forgot to register some information. I immediately provided it. They did not communicate with me again until after the trial. [evidence: e-mails can be provided]