Although there were many major problems and corruptions inside and outside the court during the local court procedure (listed below), the main reason I am appealing is to be able to come back to Taiwan to see my friends, with whom I’ve lived with several summers, and to continue to take care of surrounding people, animals, and environment with them. I believe the judges were not even conscious that charging me guilty would result in me, a non-Taiwanese citizen, being banned from entering Taiwan for 7 years. This is worse than the punishment given. Thus, however corrupt the case is, I must keep trying.

雖然一審法院的時候有好多大問題（下寫了），對我最主要的理由上訴是我能回台灣見面朋友們，跟他們一起繼續關心周圍的人，動物，植物。 我住了台灣好幾個夏天。我覺得一審的法官不知道他們的判決會讓我（外國籍的人）禁進入台灣最少七年。所以無論怎麼腐敗我得嘗試。

A few reasons to appeal:
有的理由：

[1*] During the trial, during my only chance to both testify *and* defend myself, my turn was accidentally ended early by the court-provided translator. The translator told the judges that I was done. Immediately afterwards, the judges exited through the back door.
「todo」
「1」一審法院的時候，法院提供的翻譯者突然不小心結束了我唯一辯護。翻譯者告訴了法官們，我結束了。以後法官們馬上去了後門離開。

I truly believe it was a miscommunication with the translator. Immediately after the judges left, I asked my translator, “why did the judges leave?”. He told me that he thought I was done. I had only finished my first part. [evidence: end of court trial video or ask the translator]

我真的

Overall, the judges spent 85% of the time on questioning because the witness was late. I was given 15% of the time to testify and defend myself, and then abruptly cut off. During my time I was only able quickly re-tell the incident (because I wasn’t able to provide my own testimony) and provide one argument for defense. I had several more arguments.

[2*] I was compelled by everyone (police, public prosecutor, judges) to sign every written testimony, despite not having time to comprehend it completely, four times. I was not allowed to bring my phone with a translator app three times.

四次每一個人強迫了我證詞。他們都不給了我時間看。三次我也不許帶手機。

[3*] Every translator provided was so bad that I was forced to express my-self using my elementary Chinese, every-time, four times. Still, nearly every translator made major mistakes, which were then mis-translated again and written by the public prosecutor.

每一個提供的翻譯者做的很爛。每一次（四次）我決定了用簡單的中文語最好。翻譯者們都還在做錯了好幾次。。。「todo」

[4] Before the evidence-gathering court-hearing, the police defamed me by informing my neighbors and friends about the incident. The police told others that “I fought with a police officer” and that I was “fierce”. The biggest problem was that they told my friend with whom I share a dwelling with. This scared her, so, I had to pack up and and search for a new home. Luckily, in the end, she believed in me. But, as a result, I didn’t have time to think about evidence. I believe this was accidental too. I know that this particular police station tends to gossip to locals. [evidence: if needed, my room-mate and a group of surfers whom I don’t know at the incident can testify. Furthermore, I can ask my neighbors who told them.]

[5] The photos of the crime scene taken by the police that I requested were not given. (One part of my defense is that the police officer was wearing a jacket.) Strangely, only one photo of the crime scene was provided: a picture of my motorcycle. That’s proof that they at least took photos.

我請求的現場的照片沒收到了。警察已定拍了很多張。有一點怪怪警察提供了只有最不重要的一張。

[6] When I was in the police station, I was not allowed to take photos of the bruises on my body, while the accuser casually took nice photos of his own beside me. Those photos are his sole evidence! Instead, I was thrown into a detention center for the night to heal.

我在警察局的時候，我不許拍照我受了傷，卻原告拍了得好好的幾張照片。那幾張照片是他的最重要的證據。然後他繼續了跑去醫院拿多證據。反而我收了監一天。

[7] The police often wait out-side of my home at night around the time of the court hearings. They quickly drive away once they see me come home.

在開庭日期附近，一輛警察車常常等我回家。看到我的時候，他們騎走。

[8] On the day of the incident, the police recommended (basically compelled) me to continue to live in Tainan and even initially not allow me to ride my motorcycle. This mis-information has caused me to live in Tainan for 5 months, without being able to ride my motorcycle for 1 month, all against my will. I never planned to live in Tainan beyond winter season; This is why my dwelling is so simple. And that is why it is difficult to deliver mail to it.

那天，警察推薦我住在台南。。。

[9] I was not able to receive court letters in time because the post office is unable to deliver mail to my address. After the police raided my home, I have learned that the only way to get mail is by checking the police station every week. This left little time to read them.

郵局不能寄送給我法院的信。警察在我家捕拿下了我以後，我發現了每一個禮拜我需要去警察局直接拿信。結果看信的時間不多。

In conclusion, 6 months ago, a young, sheltered police officer got scared and started a fight with me. I have been compelled by the police to live in Tainan for 5 months, coerced by everyone to sign written testimonies that I did not write nor given time to completely read 4 times, given perhaps 15 minutes to defend myself in a language that I am not fluent in, and then finally abruptly cut off by a translator that the local court provided. Meanwhile, unlawful police activities go on all around the case. Now, in the end, I cannot come back to Taiwan for at least 7 years. Please think about this, and please consider the lives of non-Taiwanese dwellers. I would never waste half a year of my life’s time waiting in a city that I don’t belong to if I didn’t love the rest of Taiwan.

Despite all of this, I‘m only asking for a fair trial. I only need the freedom to express myself, through *my own* written and spoken words. Please allow me to provide my own written testimony and my own translator, so that I can then provide my own defense. Only I can defend myself, not anyone else.

This case requires patient judgement. It is a common case: an inexperienced, fearful police officer mis-interprets *other people*, and then attacks them. There is no evidence except a few red marks. Thus, I need a good hearing that provides the time to read or listen to my entire testimony, and, if possible, provide my past history with Taiwan’s police (the police inspect me once a month), and then compare mine to his. I promise you that the accuser cannot recall anything because he was so full of anger, fear, and possibly hate. Only I remember everything. I just never had the opportunity to tell it all.

This writing is the first time I’ve been able to directly and completely express myself.



*[1, 2, 3] The police, public prosecutor, and judges all provided me translators because they refused to allow me to bring my own translator. I asked during or before every hearing.

The government organization, Legal Aid Foundation, failed to provide me a lawyer because they forgot to register information and then failed to reply. They promised me an appointment with a lawyer 11 days before the trial and 5 days before my visa expiration date. On the appointment day, they informed me that they forgot to register some information. I immediately provided it. They did not communicate with me again until after the trial. [evidence: e-mails can be provided]