Although there were many major problems and corruptions inside and outside the court during the local court procedure (listed below), the main reason I am appealing is to be able to come back to Taiwan to see my friends, with whom I’ve lived with several summers, and to continue to take care of surrounding people, animals, and environment with them. I believe the judges were not even conscious that charging me guilty would result in me, a non-Taiwanese citizen, being banned from entering Taiwan for 7 years. This is worse than the punishment given. Thus, however corrupt the case is, I must keep trying.
雖然一審法院的時候有好多大問題（下列了），對我最主要的理由上訴是我能回台灣見面朋友們，跟他們一起繼續關心周圍的人，動物，植物。 我在台灣住了好幾個夏天。我覺得一審法官不知道判決會讓我（外國籍的人）禁進入台灣最少七年。所以無論怎麼腐敗我得嘗試。

A few reasons to appeal:
有些理由：

[1*] During the trial, during my only chance to both testify *and* defend myself, my turn was accidentally ended early by the court-provided translator. The translator told the judges that I was done. Immediately afterwards, the judges exited through the back door.
「todo」
「1」一審法院的時候，法院提供的翻譯者突然不小心結束了我唯一機會辯護。翻譯者告訴了法官們，「我結束了」。哪以後法官們馬上從後門離開了。

I truly believe it was a miscommunication with the translator. After the judges left, I asked my translator, “why did the judges leave?”. He told me that he thought I was done. I had only finished my first part. [evidence: end of court trial video or ask the translator]

我真的覺得這事情出發的不小心。法官們離開的時候我覺得我的時間已經過了。而且因為已經有很多不公平的事情過去了，我沒說很多。我已經覺得了無望。後來我問了翻譯者，「為什麼已經結果了？」。他告訴了我他覺得了我結果了。我只是結果了第一部分。（證據：法庭的看影片末，還是問哪翻譯者）

Overall, the judges spent 85% of the time on questioning because the witness was late. I was given 15% of the time to testify and defend myself, and then abruptly cut off. During my time I was only able quickly re-tell the incident (because I wasn’t able to provide my own testimony) and provide one argument for defense. I had several more arguments.

[2*] I was compelled by everyone (police, public prosecutor, judges, judge assistants) to sign every written testimony, despite not having time to comprehend it completely, four times. I was not allowed to bring my phone with a translator app three times.

每一個政府的人（警察，檢察官，一審法官，其他法院人）都大概強迫了我簽證他們寫的證詞。我四次這樣簽證了。他們都不給了我時間看。三次我也不許帶手機用翻譯的軟體幫助我。

[3*] Every translator provided was so bad that I was forced to express my-self using my elementary Chinese, every-time, four times. Still, nearly every translator made major mistakes, which were then mis-translated again and written by the public prosecutor.

每一個提供的翻譯者做的很爛。我每一次（四次）決定了用簡單的中文講最好。翻譯者們都還在做錯了好幾次。後來檢察官會用他自己的更簡單字寫下我的證詞裡。

[4] Before the evidence-gathering court-hearing, the police defamed me by informing my neighbors and friends about the incident. The police told others that “I fought with a police officer” and that I was “fierce”. The biggest problem was that they told my friend with whom I share a dwelling with. This scared her, so, I had to pack up and and search for a new home. Luckily, in the end, she believed in me. But, as a result, I didn’t have time to think about evidence. I believe this was accidental too. I know that this particular police station tends to gossip to locals. [evidence: if needed, my room-mate and a group of surfers whom I don’t know at the incident can testify. Furthermore, I can ask my neighbors who told them.]

證據準備的開庭以前，警察抵毀了我。警察告訴了我的朋友們跟鄰居人，我跟警察人打架了。

最主要的問題是他們告訴了我的室友。這句話嚇到了她。哪時候我需要準備我的東西找房子。很好運，結果了，她相信我。可是，因為這事情，我沒辦法好好的想證據的事。

我覺得事情也是不小心的。我知道這警察局喜歡跟當地人聊一聊。（證據：需要的話，我的室友跟我不認識的另外一些人應該可以證明。而且我可以問我隔壁的人。那天以後很多人問了我，「你為什麼跟警察打架了？」）

[5] The photos of the crime scene taken by the police that I requested were not given. (One part of my defense is that the police officer was wearing a jacket.) Strangely, only one photo of the crime scene was provided: a picture of my motorcycle. That’s proof that they at least took photos.

我請求的現場的照片沒收到了。警察已定拍了很多張。有一點怪怪警察提供了只有最不重要的一張。

[6] When I was in the police station, I was not allowed to take photos of the bruises on my body, while the accuser casually took nice photos of his own beside me. Those photos are his sole evidence! Instead, I was thrown into a detention center for the night to heal.

我在警察局的時候，我不許拍照我受了傷，卻原告拍了得好好的幾張照片。那幾張照片是他的最重要的證據。然後他繼續了跑去醫院拿多證據。反而我收了監一天。

[7] The police often wait out-side of my home at night around the time of the court hearings. They quickly drive away once they see me come home.

在開庭日期附近，一輛警察車常常等我回家。看到我過橋的時候，他們騎走。

[8] On the day of the incident, the police recommended (basically compelled) me to continue to live in Tainan and even initially not allow me to ride my motorcycle. This mis-information has caused me to live in Tainan for 5 months, without being able to ride my motorcycle for 1 month, all against my will. I never planned to live in Tainan beyond winter season; This is why my dwelling is so simple. And that is why it is difficult to deliver mail to it.

那天，警察推薦我繼續住在台南。他們的說錯讓我住在繼續住在台南五個月多。我這幾集結沒打算留在台南。知道真實的話我一定會選擇了住在比較舒服的地方：在朋友的家。

[9] I was not able to receive court letters in time because the post office is unable to deliver mail to my address. After the police raided my home, I have learned that the only way to get mail is by checking the police station every week. This left little time to read them.

郵局不能寄送給我法院的信。警察在我家捕拿下了我以後，我發現了每一個禮拜我需要去警察局直接拿信。結果看信的時間不多。

In conclusion, 6 months ago, a young, sheltered police officer got scared and started a fight with me. I have been compelled by the police to live in Tainan for 5 months, coerced by everyone to sign written testimonies that I did not write nor given time to completely read 4 times, given perhaps 15 minutes to defend myself in a language that I am not fluent in, and then finally abruptly cut off by a translator that the local court provided. Meanwhile, unlawful police activities go on all around the case. Now, in the end, I cannot come back to Taiwan for at least 7 years. Please think about this, and please consider the lives of non-Taiwanese dwellers. I would never waste half a year of my life’s time waiting in a city that I don’t belong to if I didn’t love the rest of Taiwan.

Despite all of this, I‘m only asking for a fair trial. I only need the freedom to express myself, through *my own* written and spoken words. Please allow me to provide my own written testimony and my own translator, so that I can then provide my own defense. Only I can defend myself, not anyone else.

我只是請求一個公平的受審。我只需要辦法自由表達。請讓我自己表達我自己的證詞，我自己的證言。

This case requires patient judgement. It is a common case: an inexperienced, fearful police officer mis-interprets *other people*, and then attacks them. There is no evidence except a few red marks. Thus, I need a good hearing that provides the time to read or listen to my entire testimony, and, if possible, provide my past history with Taiwan’s police (the police inspect me once a month), and then compare mine to his. I promise you that the accuser cannot recall anything because he was so full of anger, fear, and possibly hate. Only I remember everything. I just never had the opportunity to tell it all.
這 case需要耐心決。全世界有這個問題：年輕的活著沒有經驗的警察不懂其他人。因為不懂也覺得怕，他們會大人家。這case沒有好的證據。。。「todo」

This writing is the first time I’ve been able to directly and completely express myself.

這是我第一次有機會完全表達。



*[1, 2, 3] The police, public prosecutor, and judges all provided me translators because they refused to allow me to bring my own translator. I asked during or before every hearing.

The government organization, Legal Aid Foundation, failed to provide me a lawyer because they forgot to register information and then failed to reply. They promised me an appointment with a lawyer 11 days before the trial and 5 days before my visa expiration date. On the appointment day, they informed me that they forgot to register some information. I immediately provided it. They did not communicate with me again until after the trial. [evidence: e-mails can be provided]