# Communal and Individual Living Spaces
It seems the idea of coming from home—especially a home in a natural area without rent, with a kitchen and warm shower, internet, a computer: basically everything necessary for homeostasis—then going to a city, while still retaining the sense of that home seems to be a trend in my thoughts. It’s maintaining a sense of home, instead of just paying money to crash and eat wherever and whatever. It’s not communal. It’s independent. But, it provides security, enables one to follow one’s own natural timings, and live quite productively, without the hassles and forces (often the desired organizations) of others. It enables one to live in one’s own natural accord, while being able to live anywhere, interacting with anyone, without relying on anyone else. Therefore, it follows the golden rule.

Capitalism forces people to break the golden rule, relying on others, for food, drink, shelter, everything. A mobile home reduces most of the forces. One might not be able to grow food or catch water on their mobile home, but, with a filter and toaster or rice-cooker, it’s not bad.

This sort of life isn’t as close to people as hostels, CouchSurfing, shared apartment, communes, or other shared living situations. It’s quite lonely really. Not communal. The forces of society are much lessened, and, therefore, for me, it’s extremely difficult to do. I nearly have to be forced by dire circumstances to take the route. Certain other personalities, often the detached hippie kinds (especially surfers) are far better suited.

I think it’s best to merely use the mobile home as a crash pad, as opposed to a communal space. The communal space is then seperated from the living space—well, at least the place where one sleeps and does their morning routine. I personally enjoy being in the communal space the entire time, even sleeping anywhere in it (I like having the sounds of people nearby), without need for personal space. I am able to get into a personal state of mind simply by focusing inwardly. My diet and living standards are neat and extremely simple.

But, it seems, the living together in a commune is more difficult than imagined. Rent. Different life-styles: eating habits, cleaning habits, etc. It all gets in the way. So, we must seperate the two. Yet, families and shared apartments do it...so... it’s not impossible. Yeah, we really should be able to live together...