i like the first definition: that’s hip hop is a movement. But, instead of a single one, one that changes, evolves, tries things. Then from there, one can look at the history and easily make genres of the types hip hop that crystallized into certain classics: 80s rap, 90s rap, ll cool j, r&b, spoken word?, etc. Some make you think. Some make you move. It’s all hip hop. That’s a solid argument, but that fails to address the real subject of the matter: real vs fake!

What’s missing I feel from this argument is authenticity / credentials, especially in the rap lyrics. Fake rappers (i.e. people who rap that are utterly lying, or, more interestingly, unconsciously becoming a rapper by merely consuming it and not actually expressing anything but robotically copying culture [much of Korea]).

And then, tie that in with the uncertain places of “underground rapper” / very conscious art rap sort of hip-hop? Doom? Das Racist? More academic rappers; that is, people who use the art medium to express themselves, and more likely to kill the game musically and lyrically as opposed to killing people? Comparing that to some one who’s lyrics seem very real / truthful: Jay-Z, Clipse (one believes they’re pushing...), or any person who can faithfully put a music video of their neighborhood up and not fall off doing it. And then, going back to the beginning, what is it really, moving the crowd (being popular in clubs or on the radio), making art (even if no one listens: Deltron 3030, Nujabes), or, just being a real hoodlum?

To me, I think my definition would be more about getting out of the “system” (capitalism, oppression, etc.) and making art to do that. Eminem rapped his way out. Similarly, MC Hammer may have danced his way out. Wu-Tang did it best, realizing and actualizing the potential of the medium and simultaneously being real and def moving the crowds. It is only that period of time, when you are broke or otherwise continually opressed, that you really art. Thus making it a political thing... So, even if Jay-Z has got out of being poor, he surely faces a million social conflicts everyday trying to make business ventures against the system, and thus can still make real rap about it.

A more recent example, si69ine, seems clearly real, just doing what he can to get by, and, the result, is quite like Mobb Deep, a sort of frighteningly real hard-core rap. Whats important is that he began rapping as a way to get by, just one of his many avenues he’s tried [in order to get by]. If being viral is the way to get out, then 69 capitalized, hustled. We rap (/art) because we don’t want to do a 9-5 without meaning in our lives and desire to live an authentic life. It’s something you do. It’s the hustle to get out of the trap, and simultaneously a documentation of a person in a certain culture.

Somewhere here, I feel the real idea of fake lies. Which completely contrast with this video’s notion of fake, which is merely a shift in style, thus rendering this entire video as a misdirection, a fake idea of fake.

... but it’s okay. Game recognize game. HipHopDX is so busy hustling content in the system that it forgot what the game actually is!