Thursday.

Sunny day. Spent two nights consuming media at night under white lights. Ugh. It takes away from all that is life. I need natural light. I need natural life.

Today: clean clothes. clean body (at night). clean room. See if I wake up earlier tomorrow without the white light. Then, can even eat! Get tea on the way back. Use motorcycle to eat on Saturdays. Beg on Saturday and Sundays.

I think, having a commune is not natural for me. Or, at least, organizing and maintaining one. Instead, just a communal kitchen, a communal room to tlak, and a nice place to sleep is enough. It’s just about coming home to share stories. The day and night consists of going out doing things that are sheerly individual. I look at the world, find concepts, re-create a social world, and find technological ways to actualize a better social world.

A commune would waste too much time repairing and building. I’m too simple. I don’t care about making a nice room, cooking, or any of that. I’d rather spend the time on my motorcycle, backpack, tent, and gear. And more important than that, I’d rather spend time seeing the world, art, changing the structure of society, public art, changing people. I need to make sure the camera and computer are working, with the most optimal ways to express my thoughts.

Think of an idea, quick-start it, execute it. That’s the way to live in capitalism. Not just because of the system, but because the system affected the people so much that that’s the only way to get people to react to new ideas and efforts. Otherwise, people do nothing [naturally].

Other than that, just do what you feel passionate about. Express yourself, and keep expressing yourself.

Down-grading to a person that merely builds communes, cooks tea and food, is not right. It’s not me. It doesn’t feel right. All I can do, especially if I am alone, is be me.
—

When the money comes in? Travel. Endlessly. And, get an electric motorcycle. Take toast and tea on motorcycle trips(!!! :O genius!!). Buy a tire gauge. Repair motorcycle sensors. Buy another Cub? Or, Vespa! A Vespa would be great! Maybe even before a White Wolf...

