Hmmmmmmm!

Born in the bland suburbs of VA. After college, and working for bit as a software developer, to save money, I moved to and lived in the great cities: San Francisco and New York, to learn, to make stuff with incredible like-minds. After NY, I nomadically lived around Asia with Taiwan as my recurring base and place where it’s nature, environmentalism, simple lifestyle, varied geography, varied cultures / minds have all influenced me.

My website’s portfolio contains some old stuff, but, it’s all i’ve got as far as media goes.

It’s hard to track the last few years of my life, but much of it involves living in various places and communities in Taiwan, living and learning together, from city to farm to tribe to nature to poverty, and everything between; All of this voluntarily, without making a penny (though many provided a place to sleep and food to eat, and the exception of two very short software contracts).

Now, the problem is that i’m on a visa-free entry, and am not legal to work. In the culture of Taiwan, in the mind of the general public of Taiwanese, all non-Taiwanese, as far as obtaining money goes, have only two options: to teach an imperial language (English) in bad institutions (“cram schools”) to the kids of rich parents that think it’s a good idea for children to be in school for 12 hours per day, or, become a hippie. (Trust me, it is very very hard to find an employer willing to give a brown-colored person work, and, the institutions are all ancient. America is far far far ahead in terms of equality in culture and law.) I’m trying to take the glorious hippie route, yet, continue to be productive in contemporary ways, through various arts.

I’m a life-long diarist, philosopher, anarchist, designer, and, with the help of Kickstarter, a life-long film-maker, music-maker (via busking), civil technologist, activist, and more.

My hope is that Kick-starter enables me a way to live on the land that I’ve come to love, whilst doing what I would on the land that I came from; If I we’re in NY, I’d gladly deliver mail or pizza for money and do all of this myself after work, but, it’s just impossible to do that here.