to…Eto…

Hey! After a long day of riding my motorcycle around a nearby picturesque valley town (美濃), [I] just finished watching the ending of that recent Shinkai film, and it somehow reminded me of you! Maybe it has something to do with living in cities but pining for rural (or natural) areas. Or maybe the valley reminded me of Kyushu; The plains of Saga, at least.

Anyway, just felt like updating you on my whereabouts: I’m *still* in Taiwan. I was able to stumble upon an artist building in southwestern Taiwan. A very boring city-town but everyone in the building is quite natural, even spiritual. At first they had farmer friends that gave many vegetables. Then, I was able to begin a rooftop-garden with many kinds of plants — soybean (black and yellow), water spinach, many kinds climbing vines, cherry tomatoes, and some herb plants (a cat pooped in the coriander). Then two people came through who live off of the unsellable, poor-quality food of  farmer’s markets. Now we just have spice and herb plants. Oh, and the compost system (gross!). So much has been learned living in such a cheap place with nature-loving people. Freedom, self-sustainability, it’s all quite possible. It just takes a lot of simple laborious work.

Now that summer’s back, I feel great, and will finally do some work for some money. Part-time labor jobs, street performance art, programming? Haha, whatever, as long I’m able to live on this beautiful, hot island. :D

In a month, this building’s property goes back to the church, and then we all go about our own paths into different natural areas, creating our own spaces; I’ll be looking for a spot on the east coast, between the sea and mountain (with many river valleys to explore), and particularly where I can easily snorkel off-shore.

I’m excited!

Ah, maybe it was the desire for snorkeling that reminded me of you.

I hope all is well with you, and that you are able to be closer to nature. Somewhere in Ishigaki, perhaps? Or any small island, where one can easily snorkel off-shore. Didn’t everyone love biology class as a kid?

At the least, I hope you learn to ride a bicycle again! Hahahaha

Sometimes I use these Japanese films set in rural places (especially Only Yesterday [おもひでぽろぽろ] and Wolf Children [おおかみこども...]) as an ideal. I didn’t find it in Japan, but I surely feel it’s here in Taiwan, and I hope that you find it too! :)
