http://lettherebelighttw.org/

http://libguides.mit.edu/film

https://urbanlabs.uchicago.edu/page/employment

—

Hmmmm.

This could be a funny way to sneak into MIT?

I don't mind managing low-key things: I've managed a motel in my youth, assisted an event-space in a city, and helped around in many hostels at a later age. I like the jack-of-all-trades aspect of caring for spaces, the material and immaterial of it all. It's like creating a home for everyone for me. I even enjoy the 24-hour social requirement to maintain the community. Libraries can be a well-hearted community, just as hostels, co-working places, co-living places, and DIY-places are, and I've spent much of my life in these kinds of places. If I could, I'd choose to maintain the MIT Media Lab, or an experimental art space in NY. But you know, I can't always choose, and libraries are cool too.

But there's this weird limit to what a library is [all over the world], compared to those other places I mentioned. It's something I really don't like and should be discussed and progressed. Why don't public libraries have public, open spaces, where people actually are able to communicate in an air-conditioned environment where one can eat food and drink beverages? Isn't that where the real communication actually occurs, the real social interaction, the decision-making, the social action? Reading and writing is cool, but the world would be a better place if every library [in the world] had such an open room. I'd surely be there, wherever I live. And I'm sure others pro-life-learning people would too. Instead, the the idea of the library, a physical place, is dying, along with the archaic medium. Even I read much using Voice Dream application and e-books downloaded from Library Genesis in an actual public, inclusive space, usually in nature. Surely cafes, hackerspaces, co-working places, DIY places, and all can re-unite with the public governance through a new public library model?

I dreamt of Taiwans' libraries having a rather simple, empty room, where there is simply wi-fi and instructions on how to access digital archives, downloading books through Library Genesis on smartphones and festival-winning films through bitTorrent on laptops. Not very legal, but the ideal is there: a self-education through media, in a social setting.

Access to a library should be a right to all. And they should be open late for us night owls. Surely cameras are enough security in America's culture?

Okay, enough preaching. If managing stuffs is all that's needed; that's cool too. I've been penniless for too long. Gladly, libraries allow homeless people, and have water machines! Usually. Yay. Such humanity, libraries can have.

—

Heyo,

I'm feeling simple and clean, so here we go:

I've been a kind of homeless nomad, going in and out of cultures, relations, and emotions since I left my home in Virginia. I've lived in the big cities and many parts of the world, trying to do good in the place and time, but I think I may have finally ran out of will to live without money: hi America!

The ideas behind the lab seem simple. You know, try something, test it, do what works, scale-up. I like it. I think the same way. Supply food, water, safety, etc. Crowd-source helmets and water filters for aboriginal societies in Taiwan. I'm into that.

Though, I'm rather skeptical of anything social "science", so it'll be great to verify that MIT is actually doing anything good to humanity, which opposed my current imagined MIT: doing whatever corporations give them grants to do, such as building this program, which excludes much of the world; or, focusing in useless directions.

Thus, working at the Lab could be proof against all of that! Though I don't enjoy the idea of being in a lab, ever, as communication distorts the reality of poverty, maybe it could lead to "field research"?

Anyway, if I ever get some money again, it would be great to wander about societies again, and be able to organize projects myself using [national] crowd-sourcing platforms for digital capital re-distribution, or, even physically, through direct methods. That's the ideal! Yeah. :)