31/12/2016
Woke up at 12:30-1:00pm. It feels like a day during summer break: great, free, hot. The factory organized a gay parade at 2pm and performances at 6pm. Need to wash face and hands, and brush before then, somehow.

Some thoughts on the factory space from last night:
The space is perhaps the best in Taiwan, yet, it feels conservative, much like how Tainan feels.

The space uses the space well, a clutter of junk everywhere, kitchen, balcony, maybe a roof, all open, anyone allowed to enter, the most inclusive audience in wealth and culture. The space might be run by a gay person or couple, so perhaps the they attract diverse gays. They have an excellent book collection. They’re practical, with double-sided tape, ropes, paint, cardboard, and able to create signs. They even somehow found a cute rural blue truck to lead the parade. With that kind of space and supplies, any sort of political even can be organized. They also know their neighbors, asking to borrow kitchenware. They’re perfect.

Yet, there is this strange conservative feeling about them. That, they are not welcoming. People are free to enter, but they’re likely not to talk to people. They continue in their own ways, work. They seem busy with event-coordination. A gay parade. I wonder, are they doing it just for the sake of repeating an event, to celebrate new years? Or do they actually think it has a social affect? It feels as if Taiwan has more lesbians than San Francisco. People are aware. People don’t seem to care. It’s progressive in this field. So, what’s the point? They can do a million other things. Thus, I don’t feel too inclined to do too much with that; Similarly, they don’t seem fond of getting others to join in. Perhaps I came in too late.

On that, I also had this thought: that perhaps they are so conservative in their own ways, blocking off coordination with any sort of institution, that they themselves have become a conservative institution, requiring a set of values to enter, or whatever. So they may say fuck educational institutions, yet they are one, in a half-assed way.

The thought on Tainan: I met a great Taiwanese couple that runs a tea shop close to the factory. They gave much much food and drinks and let me charge my electronic devices, seeing that I have a backpack, and am camping around. I bought tea twice from them. They sell tea from a corner tea stand on the sidewalk. They have a kid that’s schooling and working. They say it’s hard to get money, and even difficult to eat when they were young. Yet, it seems that they choose not to do anything further. They seem happy, very happy, to do what they are doing. So what they say and feel is very contradicting, much like many experiences with Taiwanese people: “好辛苦！，好累！”, etc., yet, they choose to continue in this direction.

Tainan has a hugely conservative feeling, conserving the small-town culture for a rather sprawling city. The scooter and tea-stand culture is there. It feels as if many of the businesses are actually houses, and many probably are. Thus, when one walks the streets of Tainan, it feels as if one is walking through houses in some strange town in America, perhaps New Orleans, where people retain their property and retain their business. It’s great that the city conserves culture, but it also feels with the conservation of culture, people retain a conservative worldview. That Taiwanese couple complained about many things during my short time with them: the business next-door seemed to waft bad air toward their tea stand (difficulties in translation), he watches American news of white cops shooting black people, he compares that to Beijing-dialect Chinese influencing disappeared of the Taiwanese language. Hmmm, well, all are quite true though.

To me, it seems that both the factory and the city lack organization and the city willpower to organize better, to do things better. People are content with the way things are, getting by meagerly. There’s a million problems in safety (transportation, housing), health, urban planning, and so on. But people are so conservative that it can’t develop. People do not want to work with their neighbors. It’s like a dense suburb. People do what they want to do. A feeling similar to the streets of Beijing. People walk contentedly, slowly, in a strange, unevenly-developed world.

I was happy to see that they had many books on natural way of development: permaculture, the Tao of architecture, etc. But the reality may not be as pretty as the ideal. Or maybe it’s just the first day. We’ll see.

Oh also, the complete lack of nature is also a bit rough. Tainan is flat, away from the mountain, and a little bit away from the sea. Without a scooter, it is impossible to live here, just as it is Beijing. It’s possible that the scooter would provide fresh air and wind. Still, I much prefer, and even pine for the east coast of Taiwan, where there’s constant wind and energy going around. This lack of wind, dead summer feeling, is a re-occurring one for Taiwan. It really drains one’s energy, making me shift toward media, indoors, and introvertness, as opposed to staying out, exploring waterfalls, mountains, and beaches. I guess it all depends on how far those natural places are to the spots in the city (referring to the last writing).

Anyway, thus far, it seems that I much prefer any town on the east coast, building a cabin there, getting materials nearby, building a community. There’s little need for urban areas. Everything can be gotten from nature, and the people in the community, which can likely be attracted from great distances:

Today, there were people who came from Yilan, Japan, and Hong Kong. Just to be at the space. Perhaps simply because they are all gay, sticking to their own organizations, like venues in San Francisco, yet, I was glad to see that people from all over come to gather in a place with good values. That means, if one creates a space or community anywhere in Taiwan, people with come. It’s only a train or bus ride away. West or east coast, it doesn’t matter. Well, maybe 蘭嶼 matters.

Ah right, another thing against the factory, it seems too young. People come without direction. The values are there, but the people themselves don’t have many ideas. Which is quite okay, re-surfacing my feelings at Babycastles: sometimes its just good to be in a space with the right people. The education will come over time.

Anyway, that’s enough for now. Now, to search for scooter and explore Tainan, or to go back to 陽明山 and get a job, or go back to America and save some money?

Ah to continue, since I’m still thinking and have my laptop here: Do I need the city? To be political? To enact social / political ideas? Living alone is easy, if I have some sort of digital method of getting money. But the point is to be socio-political isn’t it? Just a few days ago I desired to create Banksy-like art. Perhaps remove and sell public-facing security cameras, vandalize expensive cars and gated neighborhoods. For that, I need a city.

And, Tainan doesn’t feel like that city. The inequalities are strange there. It’s clear in Taipei, and easily urged and motivated too. I feel social-political in Taipei. I want to do things. I desire to disrupt institutions there. I just need my nice little neighborhood, and I’m set. Socio-political motivations come from the city, not nature. And that’s a problem.

Perhaps, Taipei is somewhat rational-energetic, and thus, I want to help develop it, but correctly, more equally. Tainan is irrational-complacent, conserving their ways of living. Perhaps I need to be in a city that at least wants to progress. There’s no point of being in a place that doesn’t want to progress; Let them simply continue living themselves, as any other culture (aboriginals), and likely, die off (suburbs). I just desire to ensure places progress more equally.
—

Another thought:
Still getting lonely pangs. I had a long-day-night-dream about having a sort of housing set-up living with Sarah and three other hipster girls that would fit Richmond’s style, all of whom can play music and be punk. It was a bit rough being the only guy, kind of attracted to all three.
—

at the park / outdoor performance:
Though a nice walk (“parade”), it entirely lacked energy, much like the city. A super weak San Francisco. No thought. No talking. It lacks communication. It’s in a daze of routines. People don’t change here. Nothing changes here. The weather is peaceful. The people are peaceful. But there’s nothing that goes on. Just blindly taking in culture, and continuing life.

I **need** people doing things with energy and passion.

The outdoor performance is terrible. Worse than a middle school performance. I guess talent is limited by the population. One would think being gay requires some willpower and personality, but perhaps, not so much here as in the West.

In such an environment, I feel like I will desire that kind of personality and willpower, New York, Taipei, not Tainan, San Francisco. Though, there is an alluring feeling of freedom in the latter places, they have a passive-capitalist feeling. They put up cute commodities for sale. Get by with mediocre performances. It’s as if they don’t want to do anything, beyond get by. But isn’t that natural? To do nothing? I’m not so sure. But it doesn’t fit me.

An older thought: There’s nothing to do at a performance. Nothing to interact with. Perhaps I should find and talk to people. But that’s just talking. I’d rather work. I’m getting antsy again, for “work”, becoming my old self. I need to stick to what I love, and whatever that may be, this ain’t it. I need to experience. Ride my motorcycle. Compare societies, ways of living, make stuff, politic, land art, vandalism, and so on. **Being here means nothing. I just need to be myself, within a community. A community shouldn’t have one direction or event. It’s a bunch of people doing their own things, and sometimes sharing it.**

…

**Thus, perhaps, small towns are best for me. Or, living in quiet neighborhoods, and only joining spots for events.** Therefore, I feel, I am going in a positive direction at nearly all times. But isn’t that what I did in cities? Doing what I want? Have I reverted to my old “rational” ways?

It does at least feel calm in Tainan…Would I be able to remain calm and do the things I want?

Hmmm, I think I just fiend for nature and riding scooters. It’s that hunger for knowledge, of nature and humans. But I don’t want to live in their cultures. I have my own.

…And Tainan has destroyed that. I can only walk and eat. I can’t get to nature. There probably aren’t any good groups of people going in unique directions — sustainable living, farming, identification technology, education, philosophy, politics, camping equipment design, natural sciences, development of survival systems, etc.