- todo in China?

- transfer drive / update Mac
- contact favorite filmmakers: New Wave Taiwan, Hirokazu, Christopher Doyle

- get active / take action?

China:
cities for contemporary art and organizations and people
Yunan




from paper notes in China?:

PAGE 1:
other:
36k debt
$3/day food and drink
don’t worry of money, spend less, find good people, then create via academics / science

work options:
room with Pan
travel / work remotely
social cut(?)
science
medicine

unless it’s a social job, keep the day open!

focuses:
civic media
civilization
philosophy
sociology
history
science and tech
globalization

study:
Columbia class
Parson’s D&T
films / ecumenical
- save these PDFs to dropbox, then upload to iPhone
Connections
Ascent of Man

increase survival
increase social
 - city - transport, plan, diversity
 - social justice - wealth, disability, etc.
 - cooperate / multi-disciplinary

future: all jobs must be location independent, 3 month per gig, unless in the city (and even here I need to remember to digress)
nomadic gigs website

ideas:
document product manufacturing


thoughts:
world -> people -> books -> wikipedia
able to see, able to react, pragmatic, pay in labor
food in public spaces - no rent
art in public spaces - some limitation
24 hour public libraries
no advertisement allowed in any

create a future entirely with public media
  - watch reality to lear, outdoor classes, audiobooks
  - have signs outside to hire
  - have signs to show interest

public spaces at ideal society*
private space for organizing specific ideas
public media and interaction replace private media (book, film, game, etc.)
—

PAGE 2:
to not think is to follow society blindly
to constantly think of actions is to be society less
joy / happiness with public social areas - play, talk, no force
  - the more time spent here the better, thought requires intelligence for progress and/or creativity

so much moving materials
  - Apple is responsible for moving materials, from raw to product. Gladly, the end result may be access to knowledge.

tools limit artists / workers. Sharing them should be the law.
  - make tools / telinto(?) increase society sustainability, time, and creativity

games (including sports), music, exist everywhere

tea / cigarettes as social drug

music, video

public games, games for education
philosophy
increase human survivability

go over old thoughts and blog ideas
  - public games for work - electricity generation
  - tourism work, rotational work

to travel is to have no societal ideologies*, tax continually think without living (sometimes both, especially if very active).

habit is the cause of forgetting problems in society

so cities develop in unique ways, until globalization. Globalization hinders creativity. It’s feel, better to live outside society for creativity.

document creativity - culture, religion, performance; but know objectively what’s true, yet see how these things affect society

but only science and social things are progress

ideas:
blind reading system for wikipedia

small todo:
Salt of the Earth
read Gorkes(?) Spanish Civil War
Homage to Catalonia
Montessori / progressive schools - like public spaces

page 3:
if public spaces
  - Taipei / Taiwan - open / rent space, or join one, collab / art / academic (+ aesthetic), progress society, city development, social development, workshops, urban planning, civil action, public art, civil disobedience
  - cheap place in Taiwan - art space / factory, art, innovation, tech, circuits, hardware / software, minimal / creative lifestyle, no limits

if no space:
  - nomad or anywhere in Taiwan - grants from Taiwan or western colleges, travel, take action, move on, for: tech, civil engineer, medicine, urban planning, architecture, hostel
  - outside of Taiwan - society development, documentation, video documentaries, film, ethnography, reporter / information source and spreader, artist / travel - philosophic media (a la Chris Marker, Vincent Moon), including Taiwanese society

life should go through three periods to avoid habituation. Travel is required, especially if the bad parts art hidden from everyday life.

knowledge and creativity and survival development should be the main sources of capital, but isn’t so much resort(?) to taking advantage of economic / social fallacies of the society — land ownership, social customs, tutor for rich families, only if education / government fails

time must be spent in environments where one wants to concentrate - Taipei for city development, outside Taipei for creativity, minimalism, nature, philosophy, modern art, travel for society development, documentation, comparison of societies, experience, breck(?) from city, NGOs (civil, tech), politics

teaching kids in a progressive environment or babysitting is required — then have workshops within my interests

civil action / disobedience should be a large part too

developing society is always the goal

page 4:
personalities the(?) do things out of necessity -> survival values? -> bring rest of society to standard level of development

tools for decision-making

games are system in which people play creatively, innovating within a system, and all of the inventions of the game are accumulated to where those that was to win must know all of these, perform well, understand other people — cognitive flaws, human nature, individuals whom rare are completely creative / unorganized.

competitive games provide a system for creativity motivated by winning.

